"Baa baa... baa baa... baa baa..." The cries of a young shepherd's sheep echoed across the usually tranquil mountain range. Li Qiye crawled to the top of a cliff with the cold night's breeze violently blowing against his body. His body was currently drenched in perspiration. At thirteen years of age, a little boy like Li Qiye was using all of his might to climb this mountain range — this scene in the night sky would give a macabre sensation to just about anyone. Although the night was quiet, Li Qiye's mind was being tormented by a flame of uncertainty. Coming from a poor family, his parents were both peasants. At the age of seven, he began his life as a shepherd. His family name was Li; his name was Li Qiye because he cried for seven days and seven nights after birth.  Today, he had completed his daily tasks. However, during the approach of dawn, he noticed that he was missing his leading sheep. While filled with worry, he rushed back to the mountain range to search for it. After seemingly scouring the entire mountain range, he still couldn't find even a shadow of this sheep. Thinking about the missing sheep and its evil owner, Zhang Dahu, Li Qiye feared for the worst in his heart. Suddenly, Li Qiye thought of one place where the sheep might be. There was only one location that he didn't search - the Immortal Demon Grotto! As he looked towards the Immortal Demon Grotto before him, he noticed that the mountain range in the dark night resembled a fierce beast from the ancient Desolate Era; its mouth appeared to be gaping, hungering for human flesh. Hearing the howls of wolves resound from all around him, he couldn't help but shiver in fear. The Immortal Demon Grotto was considered a cursed land in the surrounding area. Legend states that an evil demon presided over this location, a demon who instantly consumed any trespassers. No one had ever made it out of the cave alive. At this moment, the sound of Zhang Dahu's whip reverberated in Li Qiye's ears. If Li Qiye truly lost the sheep, then Zhang Dahu would definitely whip his flesh to tatters. Having reached this point, Li Qiye gritted his teeth and approached the cave. His body disappeared in the night. "Aaaaaaaahhhhh...!" The calm night was interrupted by a young boy's miserable scream. Li Qiye's frightened voice rang once again: "You, you, what do you want? ... Ahh...!" Suddenly, the screams came to an end. An unknown amount of time later at the depths of the Immortal Demon Grotto, the silence was broken by a menacing voice: "Good, good, good! My immortal Dark Crow has finally been completed. Since only a soul was missing, today, I will conveniently borrow your soul for a little bit!" "Phwoosh... phwoosh... phwoosh!" A moment later, as each flap loudly resounded, a strange, dark crow flew away from the Immortal Demon Grotto. "Fly, fly, fly! I will use your soul to find all the Forbidden Burials. Fly across all the lands! As long as the Nine Worlds exist, I will find you again!" From the depths of the Immortal Demon Grotto, the heavy voice came out once again and lingered in the air. From then on, throughout this heaven and earth, a Dark Crow flew across the planes. From heavenly cities to the most dangerous reaches and secret areas, it flew without a free will straight through the Nine Worlds for eras on end. As time passed, millions of years came and went. A new peerless master would rise as another fell. Slowly, the crow would disappear only to reappear later on. It wanted to escape its master, it wanted to find a purpose to its life. From the Alchemy God to Immortal Emperor Fei, Immortal Emperor Xue Xi to Immortal Emperor Min Ren, Immortal Emperor Tun Ri to Immortal Emperor Bing Yu... all the way up until the Black Dragon King.  Behind each of these paragons lies the shadow of a crow, one that struggled to find freedom. As these strongest beings came and went, the crow continued to mysteriously appear throughout the river of time. The crow was not willing to have his fate controlled. It wanted to oppose the most frightening character in this world. And now, millions of years has gone by with the passing of many eras... Li Qiye, who was floating in a river, was suddenly dragged out by a person. "Aaa!" As he was being dragged out, Li Qiye suddenly woke up. His first reaction was to jump as he was unfamiliar with his own body. Unable to find his footing, he almost fell down to the ground. "Ah, my body!" Looking down and seeing how his body had stayed the same, Li Qiye was both ecstatic and scared. Even after the thousands of struggles while fighting against the unending waves and winds, Dark Crow Li Qiye still couldn't contain his emotions after regaining his own body. Taking a deep breath, he lifted his head and found that an old man was in front of him. "Hehehe, it is this old man who saved you from your impending doom." The old man loudly laughed in an inglorious manner, revealing his three remaining yellow teeth. His demeanor made others feel that his smile was very sinister. Up the stream, Li Qiye could see the dim structure of the Immortal Demon Grotto. His eyes became increasingly cold and his aura exceeded anything that a thirteen year old child could exude. Li Qiye took a deep breath and then stared at the old man. After a while, he eventually asked: "How should I address you, old man?" "Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, Old Devil." The old man answered with his mouth agape, still revealing his three golden teeth while smiling and spitting everywhere. "Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect..." Li Qiye whispered under his breath. This name made him recall the sealed memories in his mind. These memories were from a time when he was still imprisoned in the body of the Dark Crow. Li Qiye regained his composure and asked the old man: "Right now, who has the Heaven's Will?" The old man was still smiling as he replied: "Heaven's Will eh? Right now, no one in this era has been able to shoulder the Heaven's Will." "Where is Immortal Emperor Ta Kong?" After hearing the old man's response, Li Qiye's demeanor darkened. How long had he been asleep for? Over a hundred thousand years?  "Immortal Emperor Ta Kong has been missing for thirty thousand years." Li Qiye inquired the old man once more: "What about the Black Dragon King of the Heaven Protector Palace?" "No one knows. The Black Dragon King went missing at the same time as Immortal Emperor Ta Kong." Old Devil shook his head. Hearing this, Li Qiye's expression drastically changed. He looked back at the Immortal Demon Grotto again and finally understood why he had regained his body. "Let us go." With a saddened expression, Li Qiye turned around and started to walk away. He didn't care if Old Devil was following him or not. After experiencing pseudo-immortality, he knew exactly what he had to do. The Heaven Protector Palace was an incredibly powerful lineage in the current times. Back in that era when the Black Dragon King - a peerless master - was still alive, no one could match him across the Nine Worlds. He was respected for three whole generations! Even though he had been missing for thirty thousand years, the Heaven Protector Palace still stood arrogantly in this domain. At this moment, a young boy around the age of thirteen and a lowly old man with three golden teeth were standing outside of the Heaven Protector Palace. Just beyond the perimeter of the palace's outer city, Li Qiye burned ceremonial money while whispering: "Little Black Dragon, you don't have to worry. You have helped me regain my body, my life. One day, I will destroy the evil land to seek revenge for you." After the ceremony was over, Li Qiye stared at the Heaven Protector Palace in front of him. The scene was still the same, but the people were no longer there; everything had become foreign. He reminisced about the old days with the Little Black Dragon, the memory of them building this city from the ground up through their efforts was fresh in his mind. Unfortunately, after thirty thousand years, not many remembered the Dark Crow hiding behind the curtains. "Heh, let us go back to the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect." At this time, the old man glanced at Li Qiye and stated his purpose while revealing his three shiny golden teeth. "Let us go." Li Qiye calmly nodded his head. No matter how illustrious or mysterious this old man might be, his origin could not surprise Li Qiye. Li Qiye had experienced countless difficulties and his soul had been trapped inside the Dark Crow for millions of years. Era after era, he walked together shoulder to shoulder alongside Immortal Emperors and became friends with the Alchemy God, so what could actually surprise him? As they were leaving, an extremely elegant and beautiful girl stepped out of the palace. She resembled an angel from heaven, an otherworldly goddess. The moment she stepped out, she inadvertently noticed the remains of the fire from the ceremony as well as some mysterious symbols beside it. After seeing these symbols, her expression greatly changed: "Who was having a ceremony here just now?" An old servant nearby immediately went around to look for information and came back with results: "The city guards say that an old man and a young boy around the age of thirteen were here just now. They were burning ceremonial money." The girl issued her command: "Give chase and find them immediately." "Your Highness is supposed to go to God's Mountain right now." The old servant hesitantly whimpered. The goddess softly yelled: "Find them!" Her body then disappeared as she flew across space to find the two. In the end, she was unable to find them. She dejectedly returned to the palace after her search. The symbols beside the fire remained in her head. These symbols hadn't appeared for a long time, so why was it that they appeared in the outskirts after tens of thousands of years? Were they friends or foes? An old loyal servant reported: "Your Highness, we couldn't find the people who were burning the ceremonial money." The goddess commanded with a serious demeanor: "Order everyone to keep in mind that if any news about those two people show up, immediately report back to me." The servant was extremely surprised to hear this. With the current power of the Heaven Protector Palace and the reputation of their goddess, it would be rare for her to show such a serious expression. The servant asked: "Then what about the trip to God's Mountain...?" "Cancel it!" The goddess exclaimed: "I have to read the ancient books that the ancestors have left behind. Something strange is happening." She then immediately went to the deepest parts of the forbidden grounds in the Heaven Protector Palace. The Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect resided in the nation of the Heavenly Jewel Kingdom. This sect was an Immortal Emperor lineage with a long history. At the beginning of the Emperors Era, Immortal Emperor Min Ren proudly stood at the peak and established a sect, naming it Cleansing Incense. Unfortunately, after millions of years, it could not withstand the test of time and its unforgiving nature. The sect was no longer of the Immortal Emperor rank and could no longer rule the land like in the past. No matter how hard it tried, it could neither regain their ancient glory nor prevent their unrelenting and slow demise. "Elder, I have bad news. A mortal said that he wants us to accept him as the prime disciple." A disciple hurriedly reported to the first elder of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect as this elder was stepping outside. "Kick him off the mountain!" Without giving the disciple a glance, the first elder continued: "Why would you even report something so ridiculous?" A mortal wanting to become the prime disciple of their sect? What a joke. A prime disciple was the same as the sect master's protege, the one with the highest chance of becoming the future sect master. Of course, when the sect master wasn't present, the first elder could still personally take care of these matters. The disciple stuttered: "But, but he was recommended by Old Devil." Raising his eyebrows, the first elder unhappily repeated: "Old Devil? Was he bribed by liquor? Is that why he is recommending a mortal?" Old Devil belonged to the sect, but the sect did not want to recognize this geezer. Although the name sounded very heroic, this old man had caused the sect to lose all face. Old Devil had three "good" qualities to him. He was very good at spending money, lying, and fooling around in brothels. This was why they called him Old Devil.  He had not cultivated any methods to the end, but he did have a very shocking background within the sect. Rumor has it that he was the bastard child of the previous sect master. This was why, when the last sect master passed away, he asked for the current sect master to take care of Old Devil. However, there was another rumor stating that Old Devil was a bastard from the sect master two generations ago. Because the previous sect master owed this person a great favor, he had no choice but to accept this piece of trash and unwillingly took care of Old Devil. Before the previous sect master passed away, he also asked the current sect master to take care of Old Devil. No matter who his father was, the whole sect and its upper echelons had no love for the old man. They detested the unflattering words regarding Old Devil's character and didn't care about the rumors in the world. From the elders to the lowest ranking disciples, the entire sect did not welcome this old man without any cultivation. The first elder yelled out in annoyance: "So what if it was Old Devil's recommendation? Kick the mortal off the mountain!" His morning and good mood had been ruined by this event. "But, but he said he has the Cleansing Incense Ancient Order from Old Devil." The disciple stuttered once again out of fear. "Cleansing Incense Ancient Order?!" After hearing these words, the first elder's expression darkened. After quietly contemplating the situation, he quickly ordered: "Gather all of the elders and tell the mortal to wait outside of the grand chamber." The Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect had a total of six elders. After hearing the four words "Cleansing Incense Ancient Order", the other five quickly came to the meeting. The patriarch of the sect was Immortal Emperor Min Ren, the one who left behind three of these orders. Two had been reclaimed by the sect, but the third one fell into the hands of Old Devil. Outside of the request from the previous sect master to take care of Old Devil, the second reason why the elders were helpless against him was because he possessed the last order. The order represented Immortal Emperor Min Ren; the holder could request anything from the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. Sitting in the grand chamber of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect while staring at an elusive statue covered in golden smoke, Li Qiye couldn't help but recall many stories from the past. The statue of Immortal Emperor Min Ren stood strong at the highest point of this location. Although many years had passed, the statue still carried an ancient aura seemingly capable of piercing the nine heavens. Spectators couldn't help but worship this statue; it was as if the emperor was actually in front of them. Li Qiye didn't know how to describe his feelings as he stared at this statue. The emperor was gone, but Li Qiye was still alive and forever will be. Although he had achieved his goal and regained his body, all of his old acquaintances had slowly disappeared in the river of time.
Li Qiye recalled that when the Ancient Ming Era was coming to an end and the Emperors Era began, his soul was still trapped in the body of the Dark Crow. And now, he was in this new era, an era where he temporarily regained his sanity and control of himself from the Immortal Demon Grotto after an eternity of struggle. When he first met Immortal Emperor Min Ren, Min Ren was still a little boy who was in love with martial arts, someone who had no knowledge of the grand cultivational world. The time between now and when he led Immortal Emperor Min Ren into the cultivation world was already many, many years. Many generations of experts had appeared and disappeared within the mysterious ocean of time. Inadvertently looking at the obsidian colored wooden stick next to the altar below the statue, Li Qiye couldn't help but slightly chuckle at the sight of it. He couldn't believe that the stick still existed after so many years. In the past, he made great use of it and disciplined that group of energetic children, including the Immortal Emperor, until they cried for their fathers and mothers. At this moment, the six elders from the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect had all been gathered. Even though they were old, their blood energies were still as apparent as a rainbow with bright lights surrounding their bodies. Even though the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect had declined, it was still an Immortal Emperor lineage. If the elders accepted the titles from the Heavenly Jewel Kingdom, then they would all be Named Heroes. At this moment, the sharp gazes of these six elders were fixated on Li Qiye, as if they intended to uncover his secrets. However, Li Qiye remained calm and quietly sat in this uncomfortable atmosphere. Eventually, the first elder gravely inquired: "Where's the Cleansing Incense Ancient Order?" The order was extremely important because it was an object left behind by their founding Immortal Emperor. Li Qiye slowly opened his palm to reveal the ancient order. He was surprised when Old Devil took him to the town below the sect's mountain and then ran off to a brothel. Before leaving, he casually threw the order into Li Qiye's hands. It was unbelievable that a person like this old man would have an ancient order. In the past, when Li Qiye was trapped inside the Dark Crow and when Min Ren shouldered the Heaven's Will, he gave the three ancient orders to Li Qiye. Later on, Li Qiye then gave these orders to different people. After millions of years, Li Qiye nostalgically stared at the order in his hand. In the past, he did not need them, but today, he had no choice but to rely on its authority. The six elders passed around the order and carefully examined it to confirm that it was indeed authentic. The truth was that the sect had wanted to reclaim the order for a long time, but they did not have a way to force it from Old Devil's hands. Old Devil knew that the order was equivalent to another life, thus he held onto it with his dear life. Who would have predicted that it would fall into the hands of a mortal without any reputation? The first elder coldly asked: "Where is Old Devil?" In reality, the first elder harbored no love for Old Devil, a person who could only spend money, lie, and play with women. To him, it did not matter if Old Devil was the son of the previous sect master or not. Li Qiye calmly answered: "He went to Cui Hong Brothel." Shadows could be seen on the six elders' faces. Even though they didn't like Old Devil, the thought of someone from their honorable sect visiting the most famous and popular brothel within a thousand mile radius was a source of great shame. And it wasn't like it was his first time visiting this brothel either. The elders had pent up anger and didn't know how to release it. They could only hope that such a notorious player wouldn't be part of their sect in the future. A different elder loudly asked: "What is your demand?" They didn't know the method Li Qiye employed to obtain it, but the truth was that the order in front of them was definitely not fake. Li Qiye slowly responded: "I heard that the prime disciple position of the sect is still unoccupied. Since Old Devil fervently recommended me due to my talents, I have no choice but to ask for this position." After hearing his answer, the six elders started to curse Old Devil. That goddamned bastard, what rights did he have to recommend someone to become the prime disciple of their sect? It was an extremely important position, so the sect had to carefully select the right individual. Otherwise, the spot would have already been occupied. An elder spoke with a cold voice: "Don't treat the prime disciple position as a joke!" "I know." Li Qiye calmly and slowly enunciated his words without fear: "However, the person who carries the order has the right to demand any request — this was the rule established by Immortal Emperor Min Ren." The first elder interjected with a threatening question: "What if you used an underhanded method to obtain this order?" This position wasn't something that could be joked about or given out without any thought. Li Qiye replied in a domineering manner: "I understand. Elders fear that I might have used dishonest means to force the order from the hands of Old Devil. Since you six do not trust me, you can send people to Cui Hong Brothel for confirmation." Deep in their hearts, the elders cried out in pain every time they heard the name "Cui Hong Brothel." In the end, they had no choice but to send disciples to confirm the what Li Qiye said. A moment later, a disciple confirmed that Li Qiye's words were indeed true. The disciple tried his best to leave out information regarding Old Devil's joyful and debaucherous situation with the girls right now. Otherwise, the elders might have gone crazy. Unwilling as they may be, the elders had to follow the rules given to them by the patriarch. Even if the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect has fallen, their lineage was still that of an Immortal Emperor's. Thus, they could not dishonor the reputation left behind by their ancestor. Ultimately, the elders issued a command: "Bring out the Truth Mirror." The Truth Mirror shone on Li Qiye's body. Any mortal who wanted to join a sect for cultivation purposes had to be judged by this type of mirror. It tested for one's physique, life wheel, and fate palace. Within the mirror, Li Qiye's reflection appeared. It was a hazy, unstable shadow that seemed as if it would disappear at a moment's notice. Behind this reflection's head, an illusive blood halo appeared, and above this halo was a dim light — both were extremely feeble. "A mortal physique, a mortal life wheel, and his destiny shows that he has a mortal fate palace." The disciple reported the Truth Mirror's findings on Li Qiye's innate talents and physical condition. Every person had a physique, life wheel, and fate palace. The physique directly affected one's physical strength, the life wheel indicated one's longevity, and the fate palace showed one's innate talent for cultivation. Li Qiye's mortal physique, mortal life wheel, and mortal fate palace silenced the elders. He was the most average of men; the sect could go outside and grab any commoner from the streets and they would also have the same talents. "If you want to become the prime disciple of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, then forget about King and Saint Physiques, at the very least, you would need to have a Xiantian Physique. Your life wheel also has to be around the same level. Your abilities are not fit for this position." The first elder directly rejected Li Qiye. "I am aware of my talents." Li Qiye didn't want to think too much of it and casually spoke: "But I still want to be the prime disciple." "You..." The elders were extremely aggravated by these words. This person was not qualified to even become a normal disciple, let alone the prime disciple! This was one of the most unreasonable requests they had ever heard. "I trust that the descendants of the Immortal Emperor would neither go back on their words nor violate the ancestral rule and bring shame to the sect and lineage." Li Qiye played around with the order in his hand and slowly continued: "If this order were to fall into another's hands, the result would be unimaginable." Hearing this, the expressions of the six elders froze. The first elder gazed at him and coldly retorted: "Even if such a thing happened, anyone who wants to become the prime disciple of our sect has to be tested in all aspects. This ranges from their origin to their background as well as their innate talents. After all, the sect will not allow an unqualified candidate to take the position." "That is your problem." Li Qiye stared at the six elders and said: "If you think another sect sent me to steal your Immortal Emperor's heritage, then let me tell you that I would not need to become the prime disciple. Due to this virtuous order, I can just ask for them; there would be no need to bother becoming the prime disciple. You should know this better than myself! If I wanted to harm the sect, it would not be a difficult feat with the power of this order." Li Qiye's words made the elders glance at each other. Even though they were a bit ambivalent, they didn't entirely trust Li Qiye. "He is not exactly without reason." Elder Cao, one of the six elders, slowly responded: "If the order keeps on wandering around outside, wouldn't that be a hidden danger to us? We cannot refuse anyone with the order, so we might as well accept his request." The first elder coldly replied: "Hmph... This matter cannot be taken lightly!" Another elder mused: "From the past till now, the prime disciple has always been the disciple directly under the sect master. Whether we accept his request or not, either way, we must first ask for the sect master's opinion regarding this decision, then make the choice afterward." "This makes sense. In the end, the prime disciple would be the direct disciple of the sect master." The remaining elders agreed. After the six elders finished debating, the first elder immediately commanded: "Send a letter to the sect master." The letter was quickly sent to Sect Master Su Yonghuang, and the six elders received a reply very quickly. To their surprise, the reply was that the sect master had actually allowed for Li Qiye to become the prime disciple. The first elder read the letter three times and confirmed that he didn't misread, so he angrily yelled: "Truly unbelievable! The sect master is being too rash!" Elder Cao persuaded with words: "Brother Gu, if the sect master has agreed, then why are we still debating? In the end, the prime disciple is still the direct disciple of the sect master, so the choice is in the sect master's hands." "The sect master is being too rash, ah!" Another elder shook his head and sighed. Elder Cao forcefully smiled: "So be it, we have no other choice. Ultimately, if we can recover the order, then we will have done a great service to the sect."
The first elder, while very discontent, still managed to grunt out a response: "Three days later, after honoring the ancestors, you will formally become the prime disciple of our sect." Li Qiye was still sitting there casually without a trace of surprise. He only chuckled out loud: "Me becoming the prime disciple should warrant a weapon or two for my personal safety, right?" All the elders were surprised to see how comfortable he was under this heavy atmosphere. In the end, the boy was only thirteen years old, but his calm demeanor resembled that of a tyrant's that dominated one sphere with everything under their control. How could a mortal like him have such a courageous spirit? The first elder took a glance at Li Qiye and shook his head while telling him: "Although we accepted you as the prime disciple, we can only give you a normal weapon. If you desire a formidable treasure or an Immortal Emperor Merit Law, you will have to contribute to the sect." Li Qiye only smirked. His goal was certainly not an Immortal Emperor Merit Law or a peerless technique. His true aim was the black wooden stick lying on the pedestal. While averting his gaze to the stick, Li Qiye pressed on: "Fine, I want that wooden stick." "That wooden stick?" The six elders' bodies shook in surprise. The stick was only used for gathering the ashes after a ceremonial burning to honor the ancestors. It had always been there, and no one had any interest in it. The elders thought that Li Qiye would ask for treasures using his new status, but he simply wanted a wooden stick. This request was outside of their expectations. Li Qiye spoke in an unrestrained manner: "Since I am the prime disciple, my position is worthy of respect. The stick belongs to the grand chamber, and this is the Ancestral Grand Chamber of the entire sect. It represents the power of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, so it is worthy of my current position as the prime disciple..." After hearing Li Qiye's logic, the six elders looked at each other with their eyes wide open. They thought to themselves: 'This idiotic brat and that goddamned playboy Old Devil definitely belong together, just like how an ox seeks another ox while a horse would find another horse.' "So be it, we shall bestow this stick upon you." The first elder was happy to give this worthless stick to Li Qiye if it meant that he didn't have to hear any more of Li Qiye's incessant babbling. To him, this stick was only a regular wooden stick meant to move the ashes; they might as well give it to Li Qiye. "Many thanks to Honorable Elders." Li Qiye was eagerly waiting for those words. Before his words finished coming out of his mouth, his hands were already holding the stick. This action, in the eyes of the six elders, was seen as being very naive. "Huairen, take him to his resting quarters." An elder finally became impatient and told a nearby disciple to send Li Qiye away. Today's events had greatly stressed the six elders. A wastrel has become the prime disciple of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect... Even if the sect had long passed its glory days, it was not destitute enough to accept a waste of a human being as the prime disciple. Led by the disciple, Li Qiye approached a solitary peak. It was not small; on top of it laid a small villa the size of 36,000 square meters. It was apparent that the villa had been abandoned for a long time due to the weeds and wild plants that surrounded it. Although this peak was far from everything, it was still part of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. After opening the doors, the disciple immediately said: "Junior Brot-, no, First Brother, this place will be your home from now on." He only spoke two words before he quickly realized his mistake. Based on the time Li Qiye joined the sect, Li Qiye would be his junior. However, because he was the prime disciple, anyone within the third generation - no matter how young or old - would have to call him First Brother. Li Qiye gave this wily disciple a glance and looked around before nodding his head: "This peak that's so distant from the rest of the sect is a suitable location." The disciple smilingly spoke: "It has a very fitting name, Lonely Peak." He peeked at Li Qiye a few times before continuing: "You will be the master of this peak in the future." The truth was that according to the rules of the sect, the prime disciple had the right to live on the peak closest to the ancestral ground. The sect owned many peaks, and the prime disciple could choose any peak for himself. However, most of the main peaks of the sect were occupied. Moreover, all six elders were unhappy with Li Qiye. Thus, Li Qiye was exiled to this faraway place, away from the main peaks. The main peaks located near the ancestral ground contained a thicker worldly essence than the outside mountains and inferior peaks. Li Qiye naturally stated: "This place will be just fine." He was not a petty man that would place importance on such trivial matters. "I have brought over all the daily necessities for First Brother earlier." This junior brother thoroughly handled matters with ease and experience. After taking care of all the items necessary for Li Qiye's daily needs, he politely said: "If you need anything else, just come to the outer court to find me." Before the disciple departed, Li Qiye casually asked: "What is your name?" The disciple was surprised by the sudden question. He did not think highly of Li Qiye. His talents were lacking to the point that he would not even be accepted as a regular disciple. Li Qiye's actions earlier in the chamber caused others to feel that he was stupid. However, the current Li Qiye who was calm and natural made this disciple feel perplexed inside; he didn't know whether Li Qiye was crazy or if he had thought through everything beforehand. This disciple quickly regained his wits and answered Li Qiye: "First Brother, this junior brother's name is Nan Huairen. I am a caretaker of the outer court." "My name is Li Qiye." Li Qiye gently nodded. In the last million years, the ones who knew his true origin and name could be counted one's fingers. After Nan Huairen's departure, Li Qiye did not sit idle. He began to clean up the yard and tidied up the whole mountain. After completing the task to an acceptable standard, the deserted mountain resembled more of a home. Li Qiye did everything in a systematic and neat manner, slow but steady. If any accidental passersby were to witness his cleaning actions, they wouldn't believe that he was only thirteen years old. The sky had darkened by the time the tedious task was completed. Li Qiye felt tired and hungry. He slowly sat down in front of the villa. Taking in a deep breath, he took out the wooden stick that was now placed by his waist. He carefully observed the stick that people used to move ashes. His memories slowly came back to him, causing him to show a bitter smile. The world believed that if an Immortal Emperor succeeded in shouldering the Heaven's Will, they would become immortal. However, if that was the case, then where were Immortal Emperor Min Ren, Immortal Emperor Tun Ri, and all the other peerless cultivators from each era? Where did they go? Li Qiye slowly regained his composure and removed the dust and ash from the stick, eventually revealing its true form. This was a stick that measured one meter. Even after being doused in fire for thousands of years, it had retained its original form without faults. In the eyes of others, however, this was only an ordinary wooden stick without any magical properties. Li Qiye whispered as he gently wiped the wooden stick: "Serpent Punishing Stick!" With this wooden stick in his hand, his memories caused him to feel unexplainable emotions. Back in those days when Min Ren was without the Heaven's Will, Li Qiye, as the master of this future Immortal Emperor, had taught a group of children that would be the loyal generals of Min Ren. Since Li Qiye wanted to groom them well, he specifically took the Serpent Punishing Stick from the Demon Forest. Those teenagers that would stomp the Nine Worlds under their feet were all victims of this stick. After concluding their training, he left the stick here in the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, and here it has remained until now. Gripping the stick tightly, Li Qiye immersed himself even deeper within his memories. Escaping the Immortal Demon Grotto was a success, and he finally regained his body and soul from the control of the Dark Crow. However, time was not merciful. Everyone who used to be his friends and families, such as the Alchemy God, Immortal Emperor Xue Xi, Immortal Emperor Min Ren... and even the illustrious Black Dragon King that survived three eras, have all left this world. At the beginning of the Desolate Era, he was only a young shepherd. In order to find a lost sheep, he went into the grotto and became imprisoned by the Immortal Demon Grotto. He was forced to follow the path his master envisioned in his crow body from era to era. At that moment, Li Qiye was very scared. He flew without rest across the Forbidden Burials, traveling across the nine lands, across the Nine Worlds... And in the end, he still had no choice but to return to the Immortal Demon Grotto. However, because of this, he had experienced the countless dangers and mysteries of the worlds. He trod through lands that even an unbeatable Virtuous Paragon would stay away from. His willpower, basked in hardships throughout the eras, became unshakable. From then on, he was unwilling to forever stay as a slave of the Immortal Demon Grotto. He formulated a grand plan to cut off all the immortal spirit seals and formations within his soul. In order to escape the body of the Dark Crow, for his own freedom and to regain his body, he continuously led many geniuses on the road of cultivation. The greatest of these young ones were able to fight on the peerless road under the sky to obtain the Heaven's Will. But today, when Li Qiye returned to his old body to become human once again, all his friends had left him. Taking his last, deep breath to set aside his pain, he once again strengthened his resolve to destroy all obstacles and shatter the souls of those in the Immortal Demon Grotto.
The news of a new prime disciple had spread across the sect. The upper echelons were unhappy, but they couldn't do anything with regards to this matter due to the ancient order. A useless person like Li Qiye was only lucky, that was all. However, the third generation was extremely riled up. The prime disciple would have originally been one of them and would have to be the one with the greatest contributions as well as one who passed all the tests given by the elders. He would be blessed with the sect master's teachings and gain exposure to emperor level techniques. Ultimately, he would most likely become the sect master in the future. In the current situation, no one within the second generation of disciples was chosen, meaning that the prime disciple would definitely be chosen from the third generation disciples. The ones that rebelled the most were the most gifted disciples with the highest aptitudes and origins; they felt cheated by Li Qiye. Thus, the commotion in the sect was chaotic. A few geniuses angrily declared: "A mortal with a mortal physique, mortal life wheel, and mortal fate palace has no right to be the prime disciple." Another talented youth added: "He is the biggest disgrace to our sect." "Who can blame him for obtaining the Cleansing Incense Ancient Order? Even the elders have accepted it." A few of the older geniuses lamented, but they could only accept the situation. "Hmph, he is only the prime disciple for now. One without talent and strength cannot compete for the sect master's seat. Who is to say that the prime disciple will certainly become the next sect master?" The most arrogant and confident disciples shared this sentiment. Someone who was a bit eager spoke: "If he doesn't know right from wrong, I wouldn't mind teaching him a little bit." Even when Li Qiye really didn't have the qualifications to compete for the sect master's seat, all the disciples still felt cheated inside when they have to call a useless youth like Li Qiye "First Brother". A disciple curiously asked: "Isn't the last remaining Cleansing Incense Ancient Order in the hands of Old Devil? How did it fall into the hands of that little brat?" The fact that Old Devil possessed the last order was not a big secret. The sect had always wanted to reclaim it, but Old Devil never agreed. This was why everyone was perplexed about it coming into Li Qiye's possession. Another disciple coldly replied: "Hehe, I heard that this brat has some wit, I just don't know how he fooled the perverted old man. "I heard that when the elders ordered people to confirm this matter, Old Devil was having fun in the brothel. It could very well be that the brat invited him to play as much as he wanted in order to trade for the ancient order." Here, this disciple scowled and felt nauseous. Hearing this story, the other disciples contemptuously exclaimed: "So he and that perverted old man are the same!" Even though rumor has it that Old Devil was a child of a certain sect master, the entire sect did not welcome such a perverted old man that only knew how to spend money and fool around. This was especially true for the third generation disciples, they did not have the slightest bit of respect for him. If it wasn't for the will of the last sect master, he would have been kicked out of the sect already. If Li Qiye and Old Devil were the same type of people, then they would find Li Qiye even more distasteful. Three days has yet to pass and Li Qiye had not yet greeted the ancestor, but the sect received an invitation from the Nine Saint Demon Gate. "What! The Nine Saint Demon Gate wants to test Li Qiye?" After receiving the news, the six elders were shocked. One of the elders became increasingly paranoid and lamentably spoke: "They've heard the news so quickly. He only became the prime disciple recently, yet they already want to test him." Another elder chimed in: "It seems like they want to escape the promise of the past. A piece of trash like Li Qiye will never pass their test. That is why they want to force and expedite the issue." "We no longer have a choice." The first elder reluctantly spoke: "Right now, the Nine Saint Demon Gate rules an entire country. We cannot compare to them, so we are not in a position to negotiate." His words caused everyone to fall into silence. In the beginning of the Emperors Era, their sect was invincible, their reputation intoxicated the Nine Worlds, and their strength allowed them to rule an ancient kingdom. All other sects submitted to their might. No existence in the entire world could have been a threat to the position of the old Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. However, the glories of old disappeared with the passage of time. They no longer had the power to rule a regular country, let alone an ancient kingdom. They lost the privilege of granting titles such as Named Hero or Royal Noble to their followers. Another elder asked: "What do we do now?" All of the elders knew that a mortal like Li Qiye had no chance of passing the examination from the Nine Saint Demon Gate. "Cure a dead horse into a living one, there's no other choice!" Another elder answered: "If he somehow succeeds, then we would become in-laws with the Nine Saint Demon Gate. If this were to be the case, then the Heavenly God Sect and the Heavenly Jewel Kingdom would not dare to look down upon us." Towards this impossible dream, the six elders could only forcefully laugh. No matter what, they still had to try. Li Qiye was waiting in his villa for the ancestor's ceremony when Nan Huairen approached him. Nan Huairen quickly reported: "First Brother, the elders are calling for you in the grand chamber." Li Qiye nonchalantly asked: "Did something major happen?" Nan Huairen was a bit surprised, but he didn't hide anything. He nodded and replied: "I will not lie to you, First Brother. The Nine Saint Demon Gate sent us an invitation." He paused for a second and glanced at Li Qiye before continuing: "I heard your fiancee wants to test your abilities." "Nine Saint Demon Gate!" Li Qiye suddenly recalled an old memory when he heard this name. Nan Huairen thought Li Qiye didn't know of this sect, so he quickly explained: "The Nine Saint Demon Gate is one of the biggest sects in the Grand Middle Territory. They rule over the Old Ox Country and has the rights to grant titles. Our two sects used to have an amicable and close relationship. The original patriarch of Nine Saint used to be called the Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon. He was the number one general under our Immortal Emperor Min Ren and followed him to sweep through the Nine Worlds. When we ruled over an ancient kingdom, even the Nine Saint Demon Gate had to pay tributes to us." "I have heard of the sect." Li Qiye gently smiled. How could he not know about the sect? Moreover, he had met the Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon as well. During the early days of the Emperors Era, Li Qiye spent an absurd amount of time and energy to trap this demonic monster named Nine Saint and forced him to be Min Ren's fate protector. Li Qiye asked: "Where did this fiancee come from?" Nan Huairen answered: "From the legends of when our patriarch accepted the Heaven's Will and became the Immortal Emperor, the Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon formed a pact with us. If their prime descendant was female while ours was male, we would become in-laws." After pausing for a moment, he dejectedly sighed: "At that time, they were climbing up the ranks." "I think that in the past, the Old Chicken had a female disciple." After listening, Li Qiye quietly mumbled once again while recalled the past. He had forgotten about it after falling into deep sleep as it wasn't a matter of great importance. "What did you say, Great Brother?" Nan Huairen inquired since he didn't hear it. Li Qiye smoothly averted the inquiry: "Nothing. So their prime descendant right now is a woman?" "It is known that between the two of our sects, there has not existed any in-law relationships for a long time. In this era, their prime descendant is indeed a woman." He paused for a second to look at Li Qiye's expression: "I also hear that their descendant, Li Shuangyan, has an innate king physique." Hearing Nan Huairen's story, Li Qiye had a complete understanding of the situation. The Nine Saint Demon Gate naturally didn't want to marry off a descendant with such an aptitude and potential to a disciple of a declining sect. Li Qiye slightly chuckled: "That makes things a little more interesting." Nan Huairen shockingly stared at the calm Li Qiye. He felt strange that an ordinary boy at the age of thirteen was able to face everything like a Royal Noble who had gone through numerous trials. If it was someone else having heard Nan Huairen's words, they would become anxious, frightened even. However, Li Qiye completely betrayed common sense and carried on with his nonchalant attitude. The first elder coldly asked once Li Qiye entered the ancestral chamber: "Has Nan Huairen informed you of the current situation?" Truth be told, the six elders did not welcome a wastrel like Li Qiye. However, due to the current situation, they hoped that he wouldn't be completely useless and that he could pass the trial of the Nine Saint Demon Gate through sheer luck. At this moment, the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect truly needed a strong backing, such as becoming in-laws with a giant like the Nine Saint Demon Gate. Even though the chance of success was extremely small, they still wanted to try. Li Qiye lightly nodded his head: "Honorable Elder, I understand completely." "Good! As long as you can pass the trial, we will handsomely reward you." The first elder's tone was as cold as ice as if to mock Li Qiye's calm demeanor. Li Qiye elegantly smiled and politely said: "I am very willing to attend the trial, but I have three conditions." "Impudent!" One of the elders yelled: "You dare to negotiate in front of the elders?"
Any other disciple would be afraid of facing the elders' wrath, but Li Qiye only lightly scoffed: "Elders, don't be angry. If I were to actually pass the trials, it would be a great contribution to the sect. The hardworking should be rewarded, no? It should only be natural for me to provide some conditions considering the danger of the task." This elder was extremely unhappy with Li Qiye's attitude, so he roared his response: "Then wait until you have passed the trial, we can discuss them then!" "So be it!" The first elder nodded his head then continued: "Don't you worry. As long as you pass the trial, you are free to select any cultivation methods with the exception of Heaven's Will Secret Laws and Immortal Emperor merit laws. I don't think the other elders will have any objections to this." The six elders glanced at each other and contemplated the notion. If he indeed passes the trial, then the elder's suggestion was completely reasonable. "The other conditions can wait until after the trial." Li Qiye finally smiled: "However, there is one condition that I must state beforehand so that there will be ample time for preparation. Once I reach the Physique Accumulation level, I require a medicinal paste of the Saint grade." After hearing Li Qiye's request, the faces of all six elders turned sour; they collectively yelled out at the same time: "How greedy can you be?" Li Qiye pretended to not hear their loud yell and continued while slowly enunciating each word: "Elders, the marriage between our two sects is a great matter. If things go well, it would be an enormous contribution to the sect. A Saint grade medicinal paste might be precious, but I believe that it is a fair trade." This elder was unhappy and coldly snorted: "Hmph, you think a medicinal paste of the Saint grade is so easily obtainable?!" The first elder then glanced at Li Qiye and said: "If you are successful, then rewarding a Saint grade paste isn't too outrageous. But right now, we cannot accommodate you because we lack certain integral efficacious medicines for the Saint paste recipe." Looking at the elder's body language, Li Qiye secretly sighed in disappointment. He was thinking too highly of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. In the past, its treasure trove was practically boundless. It even contained Immortal grade pastes, so Saint pastes were trivial in comparison. "Fine, I will take one step back; I want the highest grade of King paste!" The elders glanced at each other. Eventually, the first elder conceded: "This I can accept, but the condition is that you will still have to be successful." Li Qiye smiled at the first elder and replied: "Outside of this, I have another small request before I leave for the Nine Saint Demon Gate. Without knowing how dangerous it will be, I will need to learn some techniques and have one or two defensive weapons." Elder Cao, one of the six elders, spoke with discontent: "Ha, so it seems that you are still a bit wily and trying to taking advantage of this situation for personal gains." The first elder actually sympathized with this notion and nodded his head: "How about this, in the inner sect are techniques and weapons, you can pick one and only one. What do the other elders think?" Even though the other elders didn't want to accommodate Li Qiye, they still agreed with the first elder. They knew the chance of success for Li Qiye was near zero. Even if they gave him weapons and techniques, it wouldn't raise the probability by much, but a bit is better than none. "Elders are worrying too much, I'm not that greedy." Li Qiye naturally knew the thoughts of the elders and calmly smiled: "I heard that we have a technique named the 'Invisible Dual Blades' that can be learned in no time at all. I want this technique as well as a pair of blades to accompany it. Would this be acceptable?" The elders rolled their eyes from surprise after hearing Li Qiye. They originally thought that this greedy boy would ask for Emperor level techniques, but it turned out that he actually wanted a normal technique. "Invisible Dual Blades eh?" The first elder stroked his beard. Another elder quickly responded: "First Elder, it is only a martial technique and insufficient for practical use. In the world of cultivation, even the simplest merit law would outperform any martial art." This elder was responsible for merit law assignments in the sect, so he was very knowledgeable with regards to their manuals. "That is not a problem! Nan Huairen, bring the 'Invisible Dual Blades' to his peak and give him the best pair of dual blades." The first elder was happy with this simple request. His opinion of Li Qiye decreased from Li Qiye's unwise decision. One would think that the sect would want to give all the assistance they could afford to help Li Qiye, but deep down inside, all the elders knew that no matter what techniques and weapons they give to him, completing the trial would still be impossible. They only aimed to minimize the losses for their sect. Seeing Li Qiye not being greedy, an elder was satisfied and generously asked: "Do you have any other requests?" Li Qiye humbly replied: "This little one does not need anything else at this moment." The first elder gravely said: "Good, go back and prepare, you shall depart in three days. After your return, you can complete the ancestral ceremony to ascend to your position." Of course, that's only if he could return alive . The elders had great doubts. Nan Huairen brought the technique and blades to Li Qiye's peak right after he returned. He was satisfied with the Crescent Moon Blades. The blades' curves occasionally shone with sharpness. However, these were merely of Mortal grade and not fit for cultivators. No matter how sharp the edges were, it couldn't compare to magical armaments. After Nan Huairen left, Li Qiye slowly read the "Invisible Dual Blades" technique. Every word and phrase spoken by him would be replicated in his mind. Back then when he was still the Dark Crow, even though he had successfully escaped the Immortal Demon Grotto, his situation has yet to stabilize. Sometimes would still be affected by the grotto. Whenever he felt like this, he would immediately seal himself and force his soul to fall into a deep slumber. He had spent many tortuous years in each era to go to the most dangerous locations. He had fallen to the hands of many masters and had to surpass many tribulations, but because of this, he was able to see many merit laws, even Emperor merit laws and immortal methods. Because he was afraid that one day he wouldn't be able to control himself and be summoned back to the Immortal Demon Grotto, he always removed his memories regarding the methods and techniques he had learned to avoid them falling into the hands of the grotto. However, the Alchemy God and Immortal Emperor Xue Xi came up with a mysterious method that allowed Li Qiye to quickly understand the truths of these supreme techniques the moment he saw them again. Right now, everything that was pertinent to mastering the "Invisible Dual Blades" had been recalled. Taking a deep breath and comparing the manual in his head against the version written in front of him, he found that the technique was lacking a certain something - this worried him greatly. In reality, it was normal for techniques such as the Invisible Dual Blades to be missing parts. In the end, it was not enough to reach the apex. In the eyes of cultivators, this was only a minor art. After millions of years, no many people in the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect actually learned this technique. Focusing his mind once again, Li Qiye finally understood the hidden truths behind the technique and softly smiled. Even though his physique, life wheel, and fate palace were all of Mortal grade, his knowledge and willpower were above what all geniuses had. What was even more important was that when he was the Dark Crow, he underwent numerous methods of torture. There was a time when he was imprisoned for ten thousand years without seeing the sun, so his willpower was extremely fortified. Nothing could ever shake it, and no difficulties could ever make him take a step back. He gently patted the manual. His attempt at mastering the technique had awakened his memory of the past, a secret that no disciple knew in the current era. That year, the young Min Ren used to practice the "Invisible Dual Blades" technique. Later, when he became an Immortal Emperor that ruled over the Nine Worlds, he reminisced about this technique. He once again cultivated it, slowly perfecting the normal martial technique. Of course, this normal technique was not comparable to the Emperor merit laws that he had created as well, let alone the Heaven's Will Secret Laws. Min Ren himself did not want his descendants to practice this technique, either. Thus, the technique had lied dormant in the library of the sect for millenniums. No one had understood the illustrious truths behind the technique moulded by an Immortal Emperor post ascension. When Li Qiye saw Min Ren perfecting the technique, he would always tease him. Even if this martial technique was cultivated to its apex and was capable of slaying Royal Nobles, no one would want to use it. Normal cultivators could only see the external qualities, thus this martial technique resided in the darkness. Even after being teased by Li Qiye, Immortal Emperor Min Ren only smiled. It was unexpected that Li Qiye actually guessed correctly about the fate of this martial art. Emptying his mind of unnecessary thoughts, he picked up the dual blades and started to practice. He was extremely strict with himself. He slowly swung each stroke within the manual; each swing required perfection before moving on.
Although he understood the truths behind the technique, his body couldn't keep up with his mind. He demanded perfection, but it was difficult to reach. However, Li Qiye was not deterred. He kept on practicing the martial art that became more refined after each swing. After one night, he had swung the blades more than three hundred times and slowly grasped the profound truth. Slowly, each of his blades became more and more accurate. Even though he had innumerable memories and heaven-frightening secrets, he understood that if he wanted to completely decimate the Immortal Demon Grotto, he must increase his efforts by ten fold, no, a hundred fold in order to achieve his goal. No one understood the Immortal Demon Grotto better than him in the current era. In these three days, Li Qiye had not left his villa. He imprisoned himself in the inner sanctum to perfect his blades. There were too many uncertainties in life, so he must be in peak shape to combat any disaster that may come. Three days later, the journey to the Nine Saint Demon Gate was about to begun. Only Nan Huairen and a sect protector with the surname Mo were coming along. The Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect had a total of six elders, twelve protectors, and thirty-six sectional leaders. To visit a grand sect such as the Nine Saint Demon Gate with only three people, the highest ranked member being a mere protector... there were no words to describe this. Before the departure, Li Qiye looked at the shabby members and asked: "Only us three?" Protector Mo, the master of Nan Huairen, was very frugal with his words. After he heard the question, he only glanced at Li Qiye without answering. Opposite of his master, Nan Huairen was a playful fellow; he coughed once in shame and opened his mouth: "First Brother, all of the elders are in secluded cultivation; they could not make the trip." Li Qiye perked his lips and coldly declared: "Secluded cultivation? They are only afraid of losing face. In the end, they believe I have no chance of passing the trial. Me not passing is a small matter to them, but them being there and losing face would be a big deal, right?" Nan Huairen couldn't say anything and only shamefully smiled. How could a mortal expect to pass the trial of an Emperor level sect? The elders had the same thoughts. This was why they refused to go, since the result was already clear as day. "Don't worry, Honorable Brother." Nan Huairen kept his positive attitude: "The Nine Saint Demon Gate has kept its distance from us in recent times, this is why the elders don't want to go and create unnecessary conflicts." "Hmph, it is only the Nine Saint Demon Gate, they can't reach the apex. In that era, even if the Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon was alive, they would still have to bow down to the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect." Protector Mo could only ignore Li Qiye's arrogance. He only coldly snort, not bothering to say anything. Nan Huairen was afraid that Li Qiye would say even more outrageous things, so he interrupted: "First Brother, this is my master, a protector of the sect." "Please take care of me on this trip." Li Qiye bowed with just the right amount of courtesy and respect - not too forced yet not too weak. Protector Mo gave him another glance and said: "Let us go." Finished with his words, he turned around and walked away. Protector Mo was one of the older protectors, so his cultivation was above average. However, he doesn't know how to socially interact with others. Thus, his position in the sect was quite low relative to the other protectors. Otherwise, he would not be a part of this great expedition that was doomed from the start. The upper echelons of the sect knew that this trip would become a comedic play with Li Qiye as the main character. If the audience was not happy, death might be inevitable, and that was another reason why the six elders evaded it. The other protectors were not willing to lead this group, so this assignment eventually fell on the shoulders of Protector Mo. Protector Mo also thought that no positive results would come out of this trip, which was why his mood had been even sourer than normal. The long trip was filled with silence until they reached the grand temple of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. The grand temple was huge and could contain ten thousand people. Looking through all of the Grand Middle Territory, it would be difficult to find a comparable temple within the other heritages. The jade-colored temple was extremely ancient. It was built with heavenly stones and crystals. Up above was calligraphy personally carved by Immortal Emperor Min Ren. The words exuded a courageous aura, deep beyond fathoming. Each word and phrase seemed as if it could erase existences. From this grand temple, one could appreciate the old power of the dying sect. This temple was the starting point for all of the conquests the great Emperor took part in. Min Ren would conduct ceremonies here before embarking on his expeditions that would encompass the entire Nine Worlds. Only an Immortal Emperor sect could possess such a temple. "Bang..." As the entrance was opened, a gateway could be seen inside. Colored and tempered by divine crystals, the hulk was covered by empty holes and Immortal Emperor carvings. The empty holes were there to be filled with refined jades. Refined jades were formed by the natural spiritual power of the heaven and earth, the very essence of what makes cultivation possible. Its main purpose was to operate gateways in order to traverse far distances. The distance of travel was determined by the quantity and quality of the refined jades. Unfortunately, the current gateway only had a few refined jades inside. Once again, Li Qiye was saddened by how far the sect had fallen. In the past, this gateway, with its abundance of jades, had brought many armies to faraway places in the Nine Worlds. Any location was possible as long as the coordinates were known. They entered the gateway and, in the blink of an eye, warped to a different location. The Grand Middle Territory was huge and spanned billions of miles. There were countless sects spread across fifteen countries. However, there were gigantic monsters like Kingdoms and Ancient Kingdoms that spanned billions of miles by themselves. If one wanted to cross a country by flying, it would take many years unless they were an Enlightened Being or Heavenly King. Any Named Hero or Royal Noble would be wise enough not to attempt this feat. Plus, the Grand Middle Territory was only one part of the Mortal Emperor World. The Mortal Emperor World was also known as the Emperor Boundary or Emperor Country and consisted of five different regions. In the north lies the Northern Grand Sea, the south has the Barren Earth, the east forms the Hundred Cities, the west contains the Desolate Wasteland, and the middle was the Grand Middle Territory. "Bang..." Li Qiye and his companions arrived at the gateway of the Nine Saint Demon Gate. As they stepped out, they felt that the natural spirit essence was denser than any place they had been to. This was truly a heavenly sect as far as the eye could see. The location of the Nine Saint Demon Gate spanned for millions of miles. It was filled with mountains and rivers with majestic waterfalls and heavenly trees that could pierce the heavens. There were also marble palaces floating and hiding in the clouds as far as the eye could see. In the deepest recesses, one could find penetrating auras that radiantly shone across the land. One would believe that the origin of these auras stemmed from shocking heavenly treasures. This was the picture of a powerful sect. With this atmosphere and location, it was no wonder why it could rule over a country. In comparison, the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect was akin to a destitute old man at the end of his life. "I see that it is Older Brother Mo, long time no see." When the three of them left the gateway, an old man could be seen leading his disciples for the welcoming party. The man was a sectional leader of their sect. His last name was Fu, the owner of a cold and stoic face. His eyes contained a powerful gaze and his body radiated a shining aura. His natural disposition was one that could instill fear in weaker souls. Even though he was only a sectional leader, he possessed the strength of a Named Hero made evident by the aura being exuded from his body. In the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, only an elder would be eligible for the title of Named Hero. "Is this your prime disciple?" "That is correct, Li Qiye is the prime disciple of my sect." Protector Mo bitterly smiled. Li Qiye's talents and constitution were nothing to be proud of. "The trial, it is but a friendly competition. Brother Mo does not have to worry about it." Sectional Leader Fu showed a gentle smile. Li Qiye smiled back at Sectional Leader Fu and elegantly expressed his feelings: "Only a trial, it can't reach the peak." Sectional Leader Fu ignored Li Qiye's sly remark and conversed with Protector Mo instead: "Brother Mo, please follow me." In his mind, a Named Hero arguing with a junior like Li Qiye would be unbecoming for a man of his status. Protector Mo, on the other hand, angrily glared at Li Qiye.
Sectional Leader Fu led the three into a medium-sized meeting chamber. Such a room was only used for entertaining guests without great importance. For an event as influential as the marriage between two sects, the Nine Saint Demon Gate was letting a mere sectional leader take care of negotiations. Not only that, the courtesy they showed was the same for normal guests, making it obvious that they did not place heavy emphasis on the event. After settling the guests into their resting area, Sectional Leader Fu spoke some flowery language without sincerity and quickly left. Protector Mo was mentally prepared for the lack of hospitality, so he was not angry, merely solemn. Sectional Leader Fu headed straight into the inner sanctuary of his sect after helping settle Protector Mo's group. Approaching an ancient temple, he met an elder. The elder was floating in the air and a heavenly halo was above his head. While it rotated non-stop, each strand of the world's truths that took on a physical form was visibly covering his body; nothing was comparable to his pressure. A god was seemingly among us. "How is the prime disciple of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect?" The thunderous voice of this elder struck the surroundings, but this voice that instilled fear into the hearts of others could only be heard within the temple. When outside, Sectional Leader Fu was extremely arrogant with his title of Named Hero. However, he could only quiver in fear right now. He went down on his knees and spoke: "Dear Elder, it was but an ant, a mere mortal, an ignorant and arrogant young brat that is not worthy of discussion." "I see, take your leave." The thunderous voice rang again. It was capable of instilling fear into others even when the elder's eyes were shut. Sectional Leader Fu politely bowed one more time and carefully left the temple. His body was sweaty after leaving. He was only a sectional leader, so he did not have the qualifications or status to meet an elder. Even a Royal Noble would need to be summoned before they could have the honor. After Sectional Leader Fu left, the elder started to speak with someone else in the empty temple: "Picking a mortal with a Mortal physique, Mortal life wheel, and Mortal fate palace to be the prime disciple... there is no saving the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect." "It is truly a shame for the emperor techniques of Immortal Emperor Min Ren. There is a good chance that they still reside in that sect." A mysterious and noble voice rang in the air. The elder continued: "Your Majesty, as long as Immortal Emperor Min Ren's techniques remain there, it is only a matter of time for us to obtain them in one fell swoop! That mortal is not worthy of our prime descendant." The mysterious voice remained silent, as did the elder. If there were spectators, they would be shocked by the appearance of the Demon King. One has to know that the Demon King was an extremely dangerous character. Legend states that his origin and true form were extremely formidable. The sect, under his lead, became increasingly radiant. Nothing could shake his tyrannical rule. Within the Old Ox Country, no one dared to oppose his heavenly reign. Protector Mo remained seated in silence, but Nan Huairen had wittingly escaped the torturous room with the uncomfortable atmosphere. Meanwhile, Li Qiye had left for his own room. He started to practice the "Invisible Dual Blades" technique without wasting a second. He wanted to ingrain the technique into his body and mind. Over the years, Li Qiye had learned that it was one thing to understand the illustrious truths behind a technique, but another to reach the apex. Actually utilizing them was yet another aspect. Even a peerless genius with comprehensive knowledge of Immortal Emperor merit laws could not perform them without excruciating levels of practice. "Whoosh, whoosh, wooooshh..." The two blades left Li Qiye's hands and gracefully traveled through the air like a pair of butterfly wings. They intersected each other multiple times before ultimately returning to Li Qiye's hands. He had practiced this particular move many times, but it still contained flaws. "What impeccable swordplay. First Brother is so diligent, I feel ashamed to compare myself to your great efforts." At this second, Nan Huairen came into the room. There was another teen next to his side. Nan Huairen couldn't help but sigh with regret. He truly respected Li Qiye's earnest efforts. It was truly unfortunate that his innate talents were so underwhelming. "To reach the apex, one must never stop self-improving." Li Qiye sheathed his blades. Although he was sweaty and tired, his posture and expression remain at ease. Nan Huairen respectfully smiled: "I will remember these words and strive to improve myself as well." He then introduced the young man standing next to him: "This is Big Brother Zhang, a good friend of mine." Nan Huairen had good talents, but he could not be considered a genius. However, he was different from his master. His ability to socialize allowed for a huge network; he had friends everywhere. This Disciple Zhang was very similar, but in his eyes, a mortal like Li Qiye was not worthy of respect. He nodded his head toward Li Qiye because of his relationship with Nan Huairen. To him, whatever martial techniques Li Qiye practiced were meaningless. "This is the first time First Brother is visiting the Nine Saint Demon Gate, so how about we walk around so that you can become accustomed to the scenery?" Li Qiye suddenly remembered an event, so he smiled and responded: "Sure." Nan Huairen turned around to the disciple named Zhang: "Brother Zhang, this time we will have to impose upon you." "Brother Nan, you are too reserved." Disciple Zhang had no choice but to nod his head. Unwilling as he may be, he did not want to strain their friendship. After all, he had no desire of taking the scenic route with Li Qiye. The Nine Saint Demon Gate was the host, so they should be taking Li Qiye around in order to positively promote their relationship. However, since they did not consider Li Qiye to be worthy, courtesy and rules were set aside. While Disciple Zhang led them around the premise, he only conversed with Nan Huairen and treated Li Qiye as if he wasn't there. Their presence created a lot of clamor amongst the disciples. "Isn't that the prime disciple of that old sect?" From a distance, a disciple frowned after seeing that Li Qiye was only a mortal. Another disciple of the sect scornfully laughed: "Heh, the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect is only a second-rate establishment. If even a mortal can become their prime disciple, this position can be considered nothing but worthless." "A mortal wanting to marry Senior Li? Rotten chopsticks wanting a gold bowl; why not look in a mirror to see how lowly you are?" Li Shuangyan was the prime descendant of the Nine Saint Demon Gate. Not only was she gifted in her talents, she was also extremely beautiful. Countless young talents in the sect had her as their secret desire. The numerous geniuses from other heritages that seeked to court her could form a line from one edge of the nation to the other. And the one thing they all had in common was the desire to spit onto Li Qiye's face for being so shameless. Disciple Zhang was even more embarrassed; he could see the hostility from the eyes of his fellow disciples. He started to walk faster to maintain a distance with Li Qiye, eventually leaving him behind. However, Li Qiye seemed to pay no mind to his actions. He continued at his own pace in a calm and carefree manner as he absorbed the heavenly scenery of the Nine Saint Demon Gate. Nan Huairen earnestly reminded Li Qiye: "First Brother, you have to be careful. Many people are courting your fiancé, and they will not hesitate to cause trouble for you." Li Qiye calmly answered: "It is only a girl, there is no need for such a commotion." He had seen many country-destroying beauties, so he didn't keep his potential fiancé in mind; it was only a minor matter to him. Unknowingly, they reached the training ground of the sect. This was a place where all of the disciples could enter. Once one was inside, they would truly feel tiny in comparison to the gigantic battle stage; they were like ants on top of a massive hill.
The battle stage consisted of huge meteoric stones. Each stone was inscribed with the words of many Virtuous Paragons; mysterious and powerful energies were being exuded from them continuously. It was this energy that protected the battle stage, rendering it impervious to any damage the contestants may inflict. "A battle stage of the Virtuous Paragon level!" Even though this was not his first time witnessing it, the battle stage still instilled Nan Huairen with awe. Disciple Zhang was very proud and started to brag: "This battle stage was created by our Great Elder; it can even withstand the destructive power from multiple Virtuous Paragons." Nan Huairen couldn't help but mumble in a low volume: "In the past, our Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect also had a battle stage..." The truth was that the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect also had a battle stage, but it was not of the Virtuous Paragon level. Some say that it was nearly at the Immortal Emperor level, so it could withstand a fight between Heavenly Kings and Immortal Emperors alike. It was found by Immortal Emperor Min Ren in the depths of an unknown space. Unfortunately, no one knew why this battle stage was sealed. From then on, no one was able to enter the arena. "Great Four Stone Golems!" Li Qiye was there, but he missed the conversation completely. His eyes were focused on the four gigantic statues located at the four corners of the arena. Each of them towered over one hundred meters tall. All of them had different expressions, yet they were all very realistic. It was apparent that they were carved by the hands of a renowned expert with a blade technique that was very natural and perfect. This was what he wanted to see. After the death of the Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon, he had never visited this sect. It was surprising to see the four statues after all these years. When Nan Huairen and Disciple Zhang were chatting, no one noticed Li Qiye. A moment later, Disciple Zhang finally saw what Li Qiye was trying to do. He raised his eyebrows and asked: "What is this idiot doing?" Nan Huairen noticed that Li Qiye was trying to climb on top of the eastern statue. However, because of his weak cultivation, he couldn't make it to the top. Right now, many students were surrounding the battle stage. They all watched Li Qiye struggle like a village boy that was visiting the capital for the first time. Laughter erupted and jeers filled the arena. Nan Huairen was so embarrassed that he wanted to dig a hole and hide in it forever. He could not see what was special about these four statues that prompted Li Qiye to take action. Li Qiye signaled for Nan Huairen to come over. Nan Huairen couldn't say no to the prime disciple, especially when the person was being singled out by an entire sect. He dejectedly walked over to Li Qiye under the scrutinizing gazes of all the disciples. Li Qiye calmly commanded: "This statue is too high, take me up there." "Hah?!" Nan Huairen was dumbfounded. He was silently questioning whether Li Qiye had become insane. Climbing up the statue in front of this many Nine Saint Demon Gate disciples - this was a great slap to their faces. "Are you going to take me up, or do you want to continue watching my monkey show?" Li Qiye nonchalantly commented as if all of this had nothing to do with him. Without any other options, Nan Huairen grabbed Li Qiye and jumped. In one swoop, they arrived at the top of the statue. Li Qiye sat on the shoulder of the statue and leisurely stared into the distance, embracing the scene in front of his eyes. Nan Huairen wasn't quite as thick as Li Qiye. He immediately jumped down then waited at the bottom of the statue. He stood there, waiting, in case something did happen. He simply couldn't just abandon his fellow disciple. Disciple Zhang, however, did not want to stand there for a second longer. He immediately left without a departing salutation. "Does he think that he is a big shot, sitting on top of the statue?" "This country bumpkin is being way too rude!" Ignoring the comments the disciples of the Nine Saint Demon Gate were spewing, Li Qiye remained seated on the statue's shoulder. He whispered to it as if he was having a conversation with it. The crazy and nonsensical actions of Li Qiye caused the spectators to question their sanity. This was truly an idiot without fear. However, no one attempted to stop him. They felt that it was below them to interfere with a madman. Eventually, Li Qiye seemed to have become bored of sitting. He once again waved his hand to signal for Nan Huairen. It was as if a boulder had been lifted off his shoulders; Nan Huairen was incredibly relieved that this madness had come to an end as he brought Li Qiye down to the ground. "First Brother, the sun has set. Shall we go back and rest?" Nan Huairen was praying with all of his heart that this prime disciple could spare him from further embarrassment. Who knows what other things he would do if they were to continue their tour? Noticing how Nan Huairen looked like a dead puppy, Li Qiye chuckled and nodded his head in agreement. "Your mother!" A disciple couldn't help but yell out after seeing Li Qiye's devilish grin: "The Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect is a third-rate sect. You're merely a toad that wants to eat swan meat! Pah! A dumb black turtle has the nerve to court our senior." Seeing that someone was challenging him directly, Li Qiye slowly turned around and said: "Court your senior? Don't think too highly of yourselves. Even if a heavenly angel or godly fairy wanted to marry me, they would have to pray for my acceptance. As for your senior? It is a long line until it is her turn." "Your mother, you are tired of living!" All of the male disciples roared after hearing Li Qiye's shameless words. "Calm down, calm down, everyone should value peace and prosperity!" The current situation sent chills down Nan Huairen's spine. He immediately took Li Qiye and left. He couldn't leave this madman outside for a second longer. After safely arriving at their guest house, Nan Huairen cried: "First Brother, please! This isn't a place where we can say and do whatever we wish. Take a step back and appreciate the high sky and deep sea. Please keep yourself under control." "Hold back?" Li Qiye nonchalantly proclaimed: "A general shall stop an incoming army, a dam will deter the incoming current!" Nan Huairen froze. Taking care of someone like Li Qiye was akin to finding trouble for oneself. He was truly regretting taking on this mission to go to the Nine Saint Demon Gate. After the events at the battle stage, many of the Nine Saint Demon Gate disciples were outraged. Du Yuanguang was one of those who truly wanted to kill Li Qiye. He was an outer disciple, but his innate talents were above average, so many referred to him as the "Little Genius". He had only joined the sect for five years, but he had already reached the pinnacle stage of Provisional Palace. As long as he could successfully pass this year's examination, he could become an inner disciple. Du Yuanguang had a strong crush for Li Shuangyan. During his entrance exam, she was one of the main organizers. It was love at first sight. He also thought that she recognized his skills and talents since she accepted him. He had great confidence in his abilities and wished for her to become his dao partner, so Li Qiye's very being naturally became a thorn in his eyes. Du Yuanguang's eyes revealed his killing intent as he murmured to himself: "This mortal does not know his own limits. If I don't teach him a little lesson, he will continue to think that he is above the heaven and earth."
The next day, Li Qiye woke up and immediately asked if Nan Huairen wanted to go on another sight-seeing tour. He wanted to see if there was anything left from his era lying around. Nan Huairen did not want to go at all. It didn't matter whether Li Qiye was crazy or stupid, his intuition told him that Li Qiye would definitely cause trouble; going with him was simply masochistic. Unfortunately, Li Qiye already turned around and began his trip around the sect. Nan Huairen had no choice but to follow him. The most important event during this trip was the marriage trial. If something actually happened to Li Qiye, he wouldn't be able to escape unscathed. However, not long after their departure, they were surrounded by Du Yuanguang and his outer disciple friends. These disciples didn't see eye-to-eye with Li Qiye. With Du Yuanguang leading the way, it was a wondrous opportunity to teach this arrogant bastard a lesson. "Ah, it is Brother Du, I have heard of your great reputation long ago." Nan Huairen knew that trouble was coming, but he still kept his calm and friendliness. Du Yuanguang only gave Nan Huairen a short glance and said: "Nan Huairen, you don't have any business here. Move to the side or we'll deal with you as well." Nan Huairen's expression darkened, but he knew that the strong ate the weak. Thus, he slightly bowed and asked: "Brother Du, what is the meaning of this?" Du Yuanguang completely ignored Nan Huairen this time around. He gave an icy cold look toward Li Qiye that was full of killing intent. With his usual carefree attitude, Li Qiye stepped forward towards Du Yuanguang and said: "A smart dog does not block the road. If you don't want to be a dog, then get out of my way." After he heard this, Nan Huairen knew that everything was ruined. Especially when he saw the thirst for blood in Du Yuanguang's eyes, he knew that this would not end without conflict. An angry disciple yelled out: "Do you not want to live? The Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect no longer has the qualifications to be considered an Immortal Emperor lineage. You dare to jump around like a clown in front of us? A mere ant dares to be disrespectful?" Li Qiye was ready to retort, but Nan Huairen quickly stopped him and whispered: "Forget about it, First Brother. Don't worry about them. Du Yuanguang is an outer disciple that is getting a lot of attention. He is also the latest disciple of Protector Hua. If he passes the yearly examination, he will immediately become an inner disciple." Nan Huairen's intention was to remind Li Qiye that they could not afford to antagonize someone like Du Yuanguang. He had the support of a protector from the Nine Saint Demon Gate. A protector in this sect had a higher standing than an elder of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. Du Yuanguang did not make a move, he only coldly said: "We of the Nine Saint Demon Gate rule the Old Ox Country. Even if you are from a small sect, you are still a guest; we would like to treat you with the minimum courtesy befitting our status. However, one of my brothers has recently lost a treasure — this is not a common occurrence in our honorable sect." Nan Huairen's complexion sank as he started to panic: "Brother Du, what is the meaning of your words?" Du Yuanguang glanced over at Li Qiye and said: "In the last two days, there were no other guests besides the people from your sect." Du Yuanguang clearly implied that the thief was from the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. This matter did not only affect one person because it also greatly influences the reputation of an entire sect. Even someone as wily as Nan Huairen couldn't help but show an ugly expression. "Brother Du, please watch what you say!" Nan Huairen wanted to treat this matter diplomatically, but it now concerned the reputation of his own sect. He would not stand for such insults. "Watch what I say? Your sect is desolate and as poor as a beggar, who could guarantee that a thief did not infiltrate your sect? Your prime disciple is just a piece of trash, so to say that your sect recruited thieves would not be unreasonable." Nan Huairen's face reddened with rage. As a person who truly cared for his sect, he could not stand for this mockery, so he replied: "Brother Du, we want to meet with Sectional Leader Fu of your sect. No matter what happens, we demand an answer from your sect regarding this baseless accusation." Du Yuanguang exploded in laughter for a while before he confidently replied: "Meet Sectional Leader Fu? Nan Huairen, it's not that I don't want to reserve some dignity for you, but you and this trash do not have the qualifications to request a meeting with Sectional Leader Fu. Our sectional leaders are capable of being bestowed the title of Named Hero, and it is unknown whether your elders are capable of the same feat. Maybe your elders are qualified to meet with Sectional Leader Fu, but you and this trash? Don't even think about it." After he finished his speech, Du Yuanguang coldly stared at Li Qiye. The other disciples clapped in agreement and started to taunt Li Qiye with nasty words again. Nan Huairen was shaking from anger, but Li Qiye maintained his composure and carefully retorted: "To me, it doesn't matter if this plan stems from you, the leader, or even your protector. To be frank, it is because you are smitten with your senior; I think her name was Li Shuangyan? Even though I have never seen her before, you are too petty. The engagement of your prime descendant, Li Shuangyan, is merely a one-sided affair. Because I respect your sect's current status, I would consider having her as a maid." "And as for you?" Li Qiye continued: "You are too naive. If your goddess had such talents, she wouldn't put you in her sight. I already don't care for her, so why would you try to compete with me for her like a fool? Get out of the way, you should find a place with shade and take a break to cool off your hot head." "You bastard! If you want to die this badly, I'll gladly show you to your death!" Du Yuanguang, enraged by those words, summoned his sword as well as his aura. "Du Yuanguang, if you want to fight, I will not turn a blind eye." Having witnessed Li Qiye's bravery, Nan Huairen, who was burning with rage, felt a lot better. However, he knew that Li Qiye had never cultivated before, so he immediately stood guard in front of him. "Fine, I will take care of you first, then I'll kill the little bastard!" Fiery anger was being exuded from Du Yuanguang's eyes. To him, Li Shuangyan was an untouchable goddess, yet Li Qiye dared to insult her. Li Qiye slowly pushed Nan Huairen back and calmly said: "Huairen, if someone wants to take my life, I'll be the one to put an end to him. You should stand back and watch." "Good! Good! Excellent!" Du Yuanguang was no longer angry and instead burst out into laughter: "This is the funniest thing I have ever heard. A piece of trash like you wants to kill someone who is at the Provisional Palace stage like me? So be it, I will give you a chance to fight!" Knowing that he was a mortal, everyone knew that Li Qiye could not use any merit laws. The other disciples pitied Li Qiye: "Martial techniques versus merit laws? You don't even know the basics, yet your arrogance is through the roof. It is such a pity." Li Qiye could not be bothered by such comments. He calmly stated: "That is fine, everyone can witness this battle." With that said, he walked towards the battle stage. "You can't!" Nan Huairen was filled with fear. He grabbed Li Qiye and said: "First Brother! This is impossible! Du Yuanguang has reached the pinnacle of the Provisional Palace stage. You cannot be his match." "It's fine, he's only at Provisional Palace and not Royal Noble! And even if a Royal Noble of the Nine Saint Demon Gate dares to mess with me, I would mince him into tiny pieces all the same depending on my mood." Li Qiye lightly smirked then pushed Nan Huairen away. Nan Huairen's head started to hurt. His first thought was that his first brother had gone senile. Li Qiye had only joined the sect for a few days and had yet to begin practicing even the most basic of cultivation techniques. He only had access to the "Invisible Dual Blades" martial technique. A person who only practiced martial arts could not fight against a cultivator. Comparing martial techniques to merit laws was the same as comparing the heaven and earth. Not to mention, Du Yuanguang was also an expert at the Provisional Palace stage. Nan Huairen regained his wits and immediately went to find his master, Protector Mo. He knew that if this fight takes place, only death would be the result.
The news of Li Qiye and Du Yuanguang's fight was intentionally spread by the disciples of the Nine Saint Demon Gate. Word of this quickly traveled throughout the entire sect. Du Yuanguang possessed considerable influence and was fairly popular within the sect for reaching Provisional Palace in just five years after he was admitted. Here, he was considered a genius; at the current Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, he would be a genius among geniuses. Even the seniors who heard about this challenge were surprised: "Challenging Du Yuanguang?" Some of the disciples who had never heard of Li Qiye were quite intrigued: "He is the latest disciple of Protector Hua. Even though his Golden Wolf Physique has only reached Houtian, it is still a formidable type of physique. What is the current cultivation of the prime disciple of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect?" A disciple mockingly answered: "Ha, Senior Sheng worries too much! That sect is average at best and without any experts. Their prime disciple is a piece of trash with a Mortal physique, Mortal life wheel, and Mortal fate palace. He had only joined the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect for two days, so he only had the time to practice martial techniques. Even the most elementary merit laws elude him." After hearing this news, the seniors who didn't know Li Qiye before became even more perplexed. A martial artist challenging a cultivator? He must be tired of living! "This is the same as a calf not being afraid of a tiger, how sad!" A lot of the seniors lost their interest because they believed the fight would end after a single move. Du Yuanguang only needed one swing and everything would be finished. This news also reached the ears of a few sectional leaders and protectors. They shook their heads while contemplating the implications. One of the protectors spoke in an aloof and cold manner: "Maybe this is a blessing in disguise. Killing a piece of trash isn't something to be proud of, but if the idiotic juniors of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect wish to challenge us, then let this be a lesson." This comment caused some protectors and sectional leaders to knit their eyebrows. It was still an Immortal Emperor sect, after all. Currently, it still had Emperor level cultivation methods and, more importantly, the inheritance of Immortal Emperor Min Ren. Everyone had been watching that sect like hungry tigers waiting for the right moment to strike. Realistically, the Nine Saint Demon Gate only had to mobilize their protectors to rob the Emperor merit laws, but the current Demon King had never revealed his thoughts on this topic. This caused the upper echelons to remain silent as well. If the Demon King gave the order, someone would immediately leave and destroy the sect with zero hesitation. While the upper echelons were still deliberating, Li Qiye was already standing on the battle stage. Quite a crowd gathered for this event. They just wanted to see what kind of torture Du Yuanguang would employ. When Du Yuanguang stepped onto the battle stage, a disciple loudly yelled: "Senior Du, use one slash to chop off his head!" Another chimed in: "One sword strike is too merciful for him. He dared to insult Senior Li and our sect, so you have to flay him piece by piece." A senior opened his mouth: "Death is the only result for insulting our sect. Junior Du, do not rush things. Slice off his hands and feet, but do not kill him. Wait for the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect to come and apologize. Let the whole Grand Middle Territory, no, the whole Mortal Emperor World know the consequences of opposing us." On the battle stage, Li Qiye stared at Du Yuanguang and teased: "Can the Nine Saint Demon Gate's disciples only use words? You lot are indeed experts at using your mouths." "Idiotic animal, I only need one sword strike to remove your head from your body." Du Yuanguang lifted his chin, clearly looking down on his opponent. Li Qiye casually responded: "If you want to fight, then fight. Stop wasting so much time!" His left hand tightly griped his blade. He lifted it horizontally and pointed the edge towards Du Yuanguang then proclaimed: "Make your move." "Die!" Infuriated by Li Qiye's fearless attitude, Du Yuanguang made his move. A sword strike that felt like it could destroy the surrounding space lashed out; it was as fast as lightning. The sharp attack accompanied with the boundless anger of Du Yuanguang pounced for Li Qiye's heart. Li Qiye did not take a step back. Instead, he moved forward. With each step he took, the blade in his left hand danced like a heavenly serpent and swiftly deflected Du Yuanguang's sword technique. A crisp noise resounded in the arena, indicating that flesh had been cut. Although Du Yuanguang's sword didn't pierce Li Qiye's heart, it had pierced his left shoulder. "Insect..." Du Yuanguang smirked. However, just a moment later while his sword was still lodged in Li Qiye's left shoulder, his opponent's right hand started to move. In the blink of an eye, even Du Yuanguang did not see the movement of Li Qiye's blades. "Good..." The blades were too swift; they invoked mysterious truths that nothing could compare to. No one saw the trajectory of the blades. The Nine Saint Demon Gate disciples were loudly cheering when they saw Du Yuanguang's sword connect. However... That very second when the sword met Li Qiye's left shoulder, Nan Huairen and Protector Mo arrived. Protector Mo saw the sword connect and yelled out: "Please lower your sword and spare him!" A moment later, blood began to drip from Du Yuanguang's throat. All of a sudden, blood spurted out as Du Yuanguang's body slowly fell to the ground. Li Qiye had mercilessly thrown both of his blades using the "Invisible Dual Blades" technique. "Plop... Plop..." Du Yuanguang's body was slashed by the two blades as they magically intersected each other, dividing his body into five pieces before it hit the ground. Blood filled the arena. Du Yuanguang's eyes flashed hints of bewilderment and regret. He did not understand how he had fallen. How could he have known that Li Qiye's technique was honed by Immortal Emperor Min Ren himself? Although it could not compare to Emperor level merit laws, a martial technique sharpened by an Immortal Emperor could not be underestimated. What was even more frightening was how Li Qiye had grasped the mysterious truths of this technique. Even since that ancient era, only the emperor and Li Qiye had fully understood the principles behind this technique. At this level, the technique could even slay a Royal Noble. Du Yuanguang went into the match while underestimating his opponent, so he did not prepare any defenses. There was no way he could dodge the peerless strike. Li Qiye traded his left shoulder to execute this move. Right now, the whole battle stage was completely silent. The laughter and jeers disappeared. It seemed that time itself froze. Nan Huairen's jaws dropped to the floor. He hurried here in order to save Li Qiye. Not even in his wildest dreams would he expect for Li Qiye to only need one slash to dismember his opponent. Li Qiye was slowly removing the magical sword from his shoulder. The noise of the sword scraping against his bone softly shrieked, but Li Qiye showed no signs of pain. After all, he had experienced much worse in the past. He threw the sword away then stepped outside of the ring. He then took a quick look at the crowd and, with a dejected and regretful expression, murmured: "It seems that my blade technique is still missing something. I had to trade a blow and injured myself..." Recalling what had just occurred, Nan Huairen's jaws were still hugging the floor. It wouldn't be surprising for it to be dislocated after staying agape for so long. One blade to kill a cultivator and he was pretending to be sad? This fella was shameless! As for the Nine Saint Demon Gate disciples, their souls had yet to return to their bodies. Du Yuanguang was a genius among his peers, but he was instantly mutilated by his opponent! Protector Mo was the first to regain his composure. He immediately covered Li Qiye's wound to stop the blood flow and gravely said: "Go, now." He carried Li Qiye and left the arena with Nan Huairen right behind them. After settling Li Qiye down, Protector Mo just sat there aimlessly. Right now, he didn't have the time to think about how Li Qiye killed Du Yuanguang. He was devastated since he knew the consequences of killing a disciple from the Nine Saint Demon Gate. This was a huge disaster. Nan Huairen, on the other hand, was treating Li Qiye's wound with a special silver paste. Next, he applied bandages around the shoulder. The entire time, he wondered about what happened. "How is it possible for a martial technique to kill a Provisional Palace expert?" He had seen Li Qiye practice the move before. Although it was admirable, he didn't truly care for it since it was only a martial technique. "That is only because you do not understand the truth." Comfortably relaxing in his chair, Li Qiye was pleased with Nan Huairen's confused expression.
Although Nan Huairen was not a genius, he was not without skill. Otherwise, he wouldn't be a hall master among all the other disciples. He had read the "Invisible Dual Blades" manual before. In his eyes, it was only a normal martial technique, but in Li Qiye's hands, it had a fearful offensive power.
He carefully looked at Li Qiye. As a wily person, he was capable of discerning characteristics and emotions from a person at a glance. However, he could not see through the thirteen-year-old Li Qiye in front of him. Thirteen years of age was when youths joined a sect; it was still an age where they would be emotionally provocable. However, Li Qiye possessed a calm aura that was as deep as an ocean. It was difficult to describe with words.
His Mortal physique, Mortal life wheel, and Mortal fate palace made the elders and Nan Huairen doubt him. In reality, Nan Huairen thought that Li Qiye had a mental illness during their first contact, a mental illness that made one act arrogant and carefree under all circumstances. However, after these last few days, he was starting to understand that arrogance and calmness were naturally a part of who Li Qiye was.
"This is a big disaster!" Protector Mo panicked since he was without a solution: "The trial is over! We have to return to our sect!"
Staying here right now was the same as lingering in a lion's den or a dragon's cave. The only thought in his mind right now was to flee.
"It is only a small matter, why do we have to run?" As the culprit, Li Qiye was lazily sitting in his chair. He slowly spoke: "To me, there is no place safer than the Nine Saint Demon Gate."
Protector Mo angrily glared at Li Qiye. He really wanted to slap him a few times. However, he then remembered that a disaster was approaching and lost all of his desire to teach this brat a lesson.
"What do you know!" Someone who was normally reserved and quiet like Protector Mo couldn't help but reprimand Li Qiye: "Do you think you are peerless under the heavens after you got lucky in killing Du Yuanguang? You don't know the strength of the Nine Saint Demon Gate. Not to mention the Demon King, even an elder is enough to deal with our six elders. The Nine Saint Demon Gate destroying us is akin to killing an ant."
The words were humble but realistic. In reality, if the six elders were to be given titles, they would only be Named Heroes, equivalent to the Nine Saint Demon Gate's protectors. The elders in the Nine Saint Demon Gate were all Royal Nobles at the very least, and the Demon King was one that had created countless miracles and legends in the last thirty thousand years. His strength was deep without a ceiling.
"My dear Protector Mo, do not worry yourself." Li Qiye spoke in an aloof manner: "If this was anywhere else, I would be a bit troubled, but we're here at the Nine Saint Demon Gate. We will see who will kill who. Named Heroes? Royal Nobles? Those fools can't reach the apex!"
"You...": Protector Mo was at a loss for words. This little kid just said that Named Heroes and Royal Nobles couldn't reach the apex when their elders were only Named Heroes.
At this very moment, something sounded outside. Nan Huairen's expression instantly soured. He went out to check and quickly ran back inside while screaming with horror: "Not good! There is a blockade outside of the building!"
A crowd entered the building, led by Sectional Leader Fu. His expression, right now, was very ugly.
Seeing Fu's expression, Protector Mo knew that one couldn't hide from the sun forever. He took a deep breath and went to greet him: "Brother Fu, this is only a little misunderstanding."
"Misunderstanding? Then you can explain it to our junior, Xu Hui!"
Sectional Leader Fu stood to the side and a young man came next to him.
This young man wore golden robes. His body was surrounded by a bloody aura and a translucent golden light was situated above his head. He was only twenty, but his aura was already formidable.
When he saw the young man, Protector Mo couldn't help but shiver. The man in front of him had most likely reached the stage of Heaven's Mandate. It was quite unbelievable; it took Protector Mo fifty years to reach Heaven's Mandate.
Sectional Leader Fu coldly said: "This is Xu Hui, the first disciple of Protector Hua. Du Yuanguang was Protector Hua's latest disciple, but he is now dead. Junior Xu Hui wants reparations."
Xu Hui stepped forward. His eyes exuded a golden light, making him seem like a sword that had been unsheathed. He possessed a tyrannical aura, an aura that felt as if it wanted to devour others.
Xu Hui was, of course, a lot stronger than Du Yuanguang. Even if he was not the ultimate genius, he was considered to be well-established within the sect, so many responsibilities were given to him.
"Murder must be punished by death; a blood feud has to be paid with blood. There is nothing else to say." Xu Hui stared at Li Qiye like an animal that wanted to rip his prey apart into many pieces.
Protector Mo quickly mediated: "Junior Xu, this is a misunderstanding. My sect's disciple didn't want to kill him, it was only an accident."
Xu Hui gravely responded: "There is no room for discussion. Hand over the criminal right now, do not commit another mistake. Otherwise, you all will be seeking death. If you're not careful, this might bring about the end for your sect."
"No wonder..." Li Qiye slowly rose from his chair and gracefully walked forward while glaring at Xu Hui: "It is no wonder why the atmosphere of the Nine Saint Demon Gate was so grim, it is because of idiots like you."
Both Nan Huairen and Protector Mo gulped in amazement. Nan Huairen screamed inside: ‘Oh my god, my great ancestor, speaking one or two less sentences wouldn't kill you now, would it? You calling him an idiot to his face is akin to pouring oil into a fire.'
"Those words alone makes you worthy of being killed a thousand times over!"
Xu Hui's killing intent erupted as he was filled with rage; he made a move towards Li Qiye.
Protector Mo interfered. He grabbed Xu Hui's hand to stop him from rampaging.
"Protector Mo, don't make another mistake!" Sectional Leader Fu channeled his energy; his body started to exude a golden light. When he took a step forward, his aura alone made it difficult for Protector Mo to breathe.
"Sectional Leader Fu, is this how you treat your guests at the Nine Saint Demon Gate?" Protector Mo was surprised by the difference in strength between him and Fu. Fu was a Named Hero; unless an Elder was here to combat him, there was no one here who could stop him.
Sectional Leader Fu showed no emotions as he proclaimed: "If you hand over the criminal, you will still be considered an esteemed guest of our sect. However, if you think your sect has the strength to become our enemy and continue to harbor the criminal, then not only will your life be forfeited, your entire sect will meet its demise!"
"Demise?" Li Qiye, who was being protected by Protector Mo, lightly chuckled and said: "The Nine Saint Demon Gate has become too arrogant. If there was the danger of a sect's demise, it would be yours!"
Li Qiye no longer wanted to look at Sectional Leader Fu and Xu Hui, so he went to step outside. It was as if he was taking a stroll on an empty street. From outside the room, he calmly proclaimed: "I don't care who the current master of the Nine Saint Demon Gate is. Demon King or Virtuous Paragon, whatever. If you want to follow general courtesy, fine. If not, then don't, I will gladly reciprocate the treatment. Today, I will massacre all of the Nine Saint Demon Gate, I will send all of you down to meet the old chicken head."
"Good! Good! How courageous! I will pull out your ligaments then flay your skin! Then we will see just how you are going to destroy our sect." Xu Hui was at a loss for words. This was the most comedic event he had ever witnessed. This was the first time he had seen such an arrogant and ignorant individual.
Right now, Protector Mo and Nan Huairen wanted to dig a hole to hide in. A mortal proclaiming to destroy the Nine Saint Demon Gate? This was a sect that was extremely strong even when considering the Grand Middle Territory in its entirety. As a sect that ruled over a whole nation, who could actually massacre them?
Li Qiye ignored Xu Hui and kept on walking outside in a graceless manner.
"Bastard! Die!" Xu Hui soared into the air and sent his sword's energy towards Li Qiye.
"Stand down!" A voice akin to thunder rang across the whole sect. No one could resist the authority that it contained. This was a might that went straight to the soul.
Due to this voice, even Xu Hui and Sectional Leader Fu couldn't help but shiver as their limbs went limp.
"First Elder..." Sectional Leader Fu recognized this voice and was tremling in fear. He found himself unable to believe that such a small matter caught the attention of the first elder.
The voice continued to roar across the sky: "It was a fair competition. When killed, one can only blame oneself for not being as skilled."
Legend states that the first elder was an Enlightened Being. This was a character whose strength was only below the Demon King himself. His presence today made everyone think that there was more to the mortal than meets the eye.
"Our marriage alliance between the Nine Saint Demon Gate and the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect is our sect's tradition." The first elder, ignoring the death of Du Yuanguang, let his thunderous voice strike again: "However, marriage is not a small matter. If the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect wants to marry our prime descendant, he has to prove that he is worthy."
After hearing the words of the first elder, Li Qiye regained his tranquility and said: "Finally, the Nine Saint Demon Gate still has someone who will take responsibility. If you want to follow the tradition, then I shall do the same. You want to test me? So be it, I accept. Picking a day is not as good as meeting the day; we shall conduct the test right now. To marry your descendant is my choice. If anyone dares to disrespect me, I will teach them a lesson." [1. Another proverb saying that there is no reason to wait.]
After he finished his words, Li Qiye walked right outside.
"It will be today." With this sentence, the sky returned to its serene state.
Everyone started to scatter since no one dared to disrespect the first elder's command. However, the consensus here was that Li Qiye did not know that the sky was high and the earth was wide. His arrogance seemed to know no bounds.
Protector Mo no longer cared for his image. He grabbed Li Qiye and carried him back into the room.
"You fool. If you want to die, please don't bring our sect down with you."
"Protector Mo, do you have to be so scared?" Li Qiye, unwilling to be carried back to the room, pushed Protector Mo's hands away.
"You... You... You..." Protector Mo couldn't help himself anymore and started to hyperventilate.
Nan Huairen cried like a mistreated bride: "Senior, do you know how strong the Nine Saint Demon Gate is right now? Let alone their elders and the Demon King, all of their protectors have the qualification to become Royal Nobles. Demon King Lun Ri could bring disaster to our sect with a single wave of his sleep. Back when their first elder was disarming the conflict, you should have taken the chance to nullify the problem."
Li Qiye coldly replied: "Is that how it is? It is too late now. Plus, I prefer to talk with my fists."
Of course, Li Qiye could not reveal his secrets. If the Nine Saint Demon Gate wanted to cause trouble, he would use this opportunity to test the integrity of the sect. Although he promised the Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon that he would take care of his descendants that year, if they didn't know their rightful place, Li Qiye would be happy to cure them of their corruption.
It would also justify him taking the treasures of the Nine Saint Demon Gate.
Nan Huairen gave up, no longer wanting to speak or look at Li Qiye. He felt like he was conducting music for an ox. It was a waste of his energy. [2. Basically, an ox can't hear or appreciate music, just like a dumb person can't be appealed with reasoning.]
Protector Mo eventually regained his voice, but he could only scornfully say: "You better follow the rules and attend the trial. If you keep causing trouble, you won't have to worry about returning to the sect. No one can save you then."
***
The trial was taking place in an ancient pavilion where two protectors acted as mediators. One of them was Protector Hua, the master of Xu Hui, and the other was Grand Protector Yu He, the strongest protector in the Nine Saint Demon Gate.
Visible auras surrounded the body of Protector Hua. It was as if his body was made out of a golden metal. As for the grand protector, his aura was much more intimidating. His Royal Noble strength seeped out in a sanguine color instead of a golden one.
Many disciples surrounded the pavilion because cultivating could be lonely and mundane at times. They were all eager for the opportunity to watch an entertaining spectacle. So many people were here that even a fly wouldn't be able to pass.
The group that opposed this marriage the most mainly consisted of male disciples. They all hoped for Li Qiye to fail his trial because they believed that he doesn't have the qualifications to become the husband of their goddess.
The disciples also didn't like his attitude during the two days that he had been here. Of course, this was understandable since he did threaten to destroy the Nine Saint Demon Gate. The fire and hatred in their eyes could kill Li Qiye a hundred times over.
They started to converse amongst themselves: "Let us kill him as well as the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect."
"No, we have to cut off his arms and feet then use his head as a candle holder."
"A candle holder? That is too humane. This ant wants to marry our princess? We have to imprison him on top of Hawk Cliff. Let the hawks peck at him for a hundred years while we keep him alive with medicinal techniques."
The conversations quickly turned rowdy; the crowd fueled itself with their anger and hatred for Li Qiye. Both Protector Mo and Nan Huairen were shaking in fear. Their teeth couldn't stop clattering.
Li Qiye removed himself from the surroundings. He calmly walked around the pavilion with an arrogant flair. Anyone would have fainted from being surrounded by so many people that want to eat them alive.
"Hmm..." At this moment, Grand Protector Yu He coughed. This seemingly quiet cough overpowered the crowd. No matter how loud the surroundings were, everyone heard it and immediately stopped talking. The aura of a Royal Noble once again dominated the air.
At this time, Protector Hua began to talk: "If you can successfully complete the trial, then our two sects will become in-laws in accordance to the ancient tradition. If you can't pass or if you die during the test, then it is a shame that you are not skillful enough."
Li Qiye sat down on a chair and turned towards Protector Hua. He slowly shook his head and smiled: "One can only say the Nine Saint Demon Gate is not as eminent as it once was. In that era, why did the Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon make that promise? Why did the two sects become in-laws and allies? Back then, the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect was worshipped by the heavens and ruled the Nine Worlds. Simply put, the Nine Saint Demon Gate only wanted the protection of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, to have a backing in order to grow."
Li Qiye did not know all of the stories of the past because his condition was not fully stable at that time. The marriage between the two was not proposed by Immortal Emperor Ming Ren and the Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon, it was proposed by their descendants.
Li Qiye continued: "Now, the era has changed and you want to relinquish the promise after having benefitted from it. Your current generation is incomparable to your ancestors."
Protector Hua interjected: "Hmmph, it is as you have said, eras change. If you want to say that the current generation is worse than the past, then this statement applies to the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, not us. We currently rule the country. The Emperor lineages who want to become our in-laws number more than just one or two, yet you think someone like you is worthy of our princess?"
Grand Protector Yu He started to speak: "Just let the past go, you can't change anything by quarreling."
"We are giving you a chance to honor the promise of past. If you are afraid, then you can leave now. We will not stop or bother you, and the promise of that year will end."
"Since I am already here, I might as well accept the challenge. What is the trial?" Li Qiye preferred Yu He's attitude a lot more.
"Since your cultivation is not ideal, Our Highness has decided to give you a better chance. The first test will not be combat oriented, but the second will be."
Yu He continued after a short pause: "The first test is very simple. You will have to go into the Chaotic Heart Forest with one of our disciples; the one that travels the furthest wins. The second test is even simpler; it will be a solo fight to determine the victor. There is also a third test, but you only need to pass two tests to pass the trial. The third test consists of—"
Li Qiye cut off the protector: "There's no need to continue, two tests will suffice."
"How arrogant!" Protector Hua yelled at him for being too arrogant. He started to exert his pressure towards Li Qiye: "The test hasn't even started yet you want to fight already?"
Li Qiye narrowed his eyes. He found great joy in aggravating people he did not like.
Grand Protector Yu He coughed once again. This cough severed the pressure that Protector Hua was exerting, angering Protector Hua. He could kill Li Qiye by simply lifting his finger. There has never been an insect that dared to talk to him like this before.
"Alright, let us being the tests." Li Qiye rose from his seat: "Both tests are fine, I want to see the abilities of your princess."
Xu Hui contemptuously laughed: "You don't have the qualifications for Senior Li to participate in person. I will be the one that you will go up against."
Yu He nodded in agreement: "I heard that you have only recently joined the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. We will not cheat you. If the princess personally delivers the test, you would have no chance at all. Here, when it comes to inner talents and potential, the princess is number one. When it comes to battle capabilities, Junior Leng is the best. If one of them comes to test you, you would claim that it was unfair after failing. Junior Xu Hui has average talents among our inner disciples, so using him to test the prime disciple of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect should not be too demeaning to your status."
By not sending out their best disciples, the Nine Saint Demon Gate was giving Li Qiye a sliver of hope. If the strongest disciple or Li Shuangyan participated, then even the six elders would have problems.
Li Qiye didn't bother to look at Xu Hui. He stared at Yu He and formally said: "If this is the case, then at least your Nine Saint Demon Gate still has some hope. Although you went back on the original promise, you still managed to save a little bit of face and dignity. Fine, since you are allowing me to walk an extra step, I will spare you a yard just so that in the future, you can't say that I have bullied the sect."
A character like Yu He had spent many years experiencing everything life had to offer, but when he looked at Li Qiye, it still puzzled him how there could be someone who was this arrogant and confusing. Does he not know of our strength? Does he have zero concept of cultivation levels? Yu He broke his stoic demeanor with a small chuckle: "Go to the Chaotic Heart Forest. The one that can walk the farthest will win."
Seeing that the test had finally begun, people started going towards the Chaotic Heart Forest. In a split second, the forest was instantly surrounded.
"Hmmph, entering the Chaotic Heart Forest? What can that trash hope to accomplish?"
In the outskirts of the forest, jeering conversations began again.
Another disciple voiced another thought: "In the last examination, Senior Xu made it to level five of the forest. Now that he has reached Heaven's Mandate and started preparing to cultivate in the Warrior Canopy stage, his cultivation and willpower are much stronger than before. I predict that he can get to the seventh level."
***
The stages for cultivators are as follows: Palace Foundation, Palace Expansion, Physique Accumulation, Provisional Palace, Inner Longevity, Heaven's Mandate, Warrior Canopy, Purified Rebirth, Heaven's Primal, and Soul Creation.
Once one has reached the unbeatable stage and receives the Heaven's Will, one will be dubbed an Immortal Emperor.
There were no immortals in this world, so one might ask, why was there an emperor for immortals? Why does this title exist? It was because of a saying — my fate is mine alone, it's not up to the heavens to decide.
The Heaven's Will serves as a shackle and encompasses and traps all living beings. Once a cultivator reaches the pinnacle, their goal is to control the Heaven's Will so that they will finally be freed from this prison.
This was why one will be called an Immortal Emperor once they obtain the Heaven's Will. However, no one truly knows if true immortality was possible; this remains a mystery to this day.
Each generation only has one Heaven's Will, so each generation can only have one Immortal Emperor.
***
The Chaotic Heart Forest was where the Nine Saint Demon Gate judged a disciple's innate talents, affinity for cultivation, and willpower. Here, the most important quality was one's willpower.
The forest consists of fourteen levels. From an outside perspective, there were no discernable differences between this and a normal forest. However, this seemingly normal forest was created by the Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon.
Intruders would be shown realistic illusions. Even the ones that possessed mystical eyes could not see through the technique unless they were stronger than the Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon. Otherwise, the technique would become reality for all who steps inside.
For example, one could find themselves trapped in a sea of fire. Their body would feel as if it was actually trapped and the mind would clearly feel pain. The higher the level, the stronger the illusion would be.
Of course, you could still use cultivation techniques to mitigate the pain and merit laws to prevent the fire from reaching your body. The only thing was that you couldn't escape the forest using any movement techniques.
"Idiotic little boy, hurry up and enter!" Outside of the forest, Xu Hui contemptuously smirked at Li Qiye. He believed that with his current abilities, it would be no problem to enter the eighth level.
Li Qiye looked at the forest and slightly grinned. That year, the old chicken created the Chaotic Heart Forest himself; it was indeed a good location to test one's willpower.
"Me?" Li Qiye clearly spoke: "Traversing the Chaotic Heart Forest holds no meaning to me. If I were to enter, you wouldn't even have the chance to show your worth. You should go first so that later on, you can't say I didn't give you a chance."
Li Qiye's arrogant comments made everyone shiver in contempt once more. Protector Mo and Nan Huairen wanted to lock up his mouth forever. Would he die if he said fewer sentences?! How could he spout lies all the time...
Protector Hua exclaimed: "Idiot!"
"You are just a piece of trash that doesn't know what the willpower to cultivate is, yet you still run your mouth without shame." Xu Hui couldn't believe that a mere mortal was looking down on him and frowned: "Good, good, such strong words! I have to see how many levels you can pass."
"How many levels? How meaningless, going through fourteen isn't a big deal at all." Li Qiye continued: "Which is why I'm letting you go first, so you won't be so shocked!"
Another disciple couldn't stand it anymore and yelled out: "Do all people from the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect lie like you without any hesitation?"
Everyone knew that going through level seven of the Chaotic Heart Forest was considered a wondrous feat for the younger generation. To complete level seven, one would have to have a tenacious willpower or a high cultivation.
Even the calm Grand Protector Yu He couldn't help but shake his head. Why was Li Qiye the prime disciple of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect? Going through fourteen levels? Was it that easy? Even he couldn't pass all fourteen levels at his current level.
"Fourteen levels?" Xu Hui exploded into laughter: "If you can pass all fourteen levels, I will call you 'Father'!"
Li Qiye retorted: "I wouldn't have an unfilial son like you!"
"Good, if you are this confident with your mouth, do you dare to make a bet?"
Li Qiye happily smiled and asked: "Bet, eh? What will we bet?"
"If you can pass all fourteen levels, I will voluntarily concede! If you can't, then you will have to crawl under my crotch." [2. This is an extremely shameful punishment. Can be found today; crawling under a table after losing in a card game.]
This bet caused the expressions of Protector Mo and Nan Huairen to instantly darken. This wasn't a test, it was a facade to shame Li Qiye and the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect. However, they could only dejectedly shake their heads; Li Qiye brought this upon himself.
Li Qiye asked: "Would you do the same if I pass the fourteenth level? You will crawl under my crotch, right?"
Protector Hua interjected: "If you can pass the fourteenth level, he will do it and vice versa!" Due to the killing of Du Yuanguang, Protector Hua wanted to kill Li Qiye with his bare hands. Since the opportunity wasn't right, the best he could do was to shame Li Qiye.
Li Qiye looked back at Protector Hua and then formally nodded his head: "Fine, if this is your condition, I shall accept!"
The disciples of the Nine Saint Demon Gate all loudly yelled: "Senior Xu, destroy him! Accept the bet!"
Xu Hui coldly replied: "I'll be waiting for you to crawl beneath me."
He then turned and left for the Chaotic Heart Forest.
A disciple creepily laughed: "This time, the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect will lose all face. Their prime disciple will have to perform such an act! Haha!"
Xu Hui took his first step into the forest. The surroundings immediately darkened. He found himself in a demonic world, an area that spanned for ten thousand miles. Demonic energy filled the air. The sounds of rattling bones could be heard even before the bodies began to leave the ground.
Xu Hui inhaled and calmed himself. He channeled his energy and strengthened himself with his cultivation while steeling his willpower. He ignored the demons and passed them with ease.
"The first level!" Everyone outside carefully watched without blinking. Without any complications, Xu Hui successfully passed the first level.
"Second level, third level..."
Xu Hui was definitely not average, his cultivation and willpower were both excellent. His speed at breaking through the first three levels was, indeed, very swift.
At the fourth level, however, his speed began to slow down. Fierce Silver Skeleton Kings began to attack him. In the beginning, he chose to evade and parry them, but after his hands were crushed, prompting him to cry out in pain, he used his body to destroy them instead. He possessed a silver body that warded off invaders on its own. However, this took a lot of energy.
Once he reached the fifth level, he was completely surrounded by the skeletons. He loudly roared and summoned his defensive artifact. His magical sword flew straight into the sky; its blade spewed out true energy. This form of energy consisted of the dao of truths and it conquered the four directions.
His crimson red life wheel appeared behind his head and exuded a blood energy that encompassesed the sky. It used unparalleled laws of power that destroyed everything in the surrounding area.
Cultivation techniques that allowed for one to use their life wheel as an offensive tool were often stronger than certain physique techniques. This life wheel technique specialized in destruction and was left behind by the Virtuous Paragon. It was not of the paragon level, but it was still quite formidable. [2. Physique forming techniques are another cultivation method; they specialize in strengthening the body, which is why his arms were broken multiple times. His life wheel makes up for it.]
Li Qiye slightly shook his head when he saw Xu Hui killing his way through the fifth level. Chaotic Heart Forest — if your heart is chaotic, then killing will only increase uncertainties and exacerbate the illusions. The Nine Saint Virtuous Paragon's goal was to train the willpower of his students, not their physical or combat strength.
"Level seven."
Xu Hui annihilated his way to the seventh level, filling all the spectators with awe.
Even Protector Hua felt satisfied. Xu Hui was his disciple and his pride. Although Xu Hui's aptitude could not compare to Li Shuangyan's and his strength was lacking against Leng Chengfeng, his progress today had pleased his master.
"Bang!" Xu Hui had just made it to the seventh level, but his strength had been expended. He couldn't handle the pressure of the Chaotic Heart Forest any longer and was promptly removed.
"Just a little bit more..." After the forceful ejection, it took Xu Hui a moment to regain his consciousness. He couldn't help but yell out his regret. He thought that he could have at least made it to level eight, but he had underestimated the difficulty of the Chaotic Heart Forest.
Protector Hua gently consoled his disciple: "You did well, there is no need to force what isn't meant to be."
Yu He approvingly nodded his head: "To be able to enter the seventh level at this age is a very commendable feat within the younger generation."
Xu Hui gathered his wits, took a deep breath, and coldly stared at Li Qiye: "Your turn! It's not too late to give up."
Then, Xu Hui spread out his legs and showed a shady smile: "If you do it now, I won't make things hard for you later on. If you wait until after you have failed the test, then it would be difficult to predict what your fate will be."
Li Qiye ignored the taunts and entered the Chaotic Heart Forest step by step.
In front of him was a sea of fire. It was a world filled with lava and fiery crackles. Inside this illusion, his feet were burnt to a crisp. No one could imagine how much pain he was feeling, but Li Qiye just strutted on without muttering a single groan.
Li Qiye did not mind the Chaotic Heart Forest. During the Desolate Era, he spent his time being tortured while his soul was severed from his body. He had suffered at the hands of heavenly demons and trapped by the Ancient Ming. He spent what felt like an eternity without sunlight and underwent many torturous ordeals. Although the body of the Dark Crow was immortal, pain could still be felt.
One million years passed. He traveled through all of the Forbidden Burials, spent time in the land of immortals, and fell into the realm of ghosts and devils — these were the most dangerous places in this world. Compared to those places, the Chaotic Heart Forest was nothing more than a short stroll. It couldn't break his willpower.
In the blink of an eye, he had passed the first level. In the illusion, the sea of fire disappeared. Li Qiye was now in a frozen world, surrounded by the icy cold gales of a tundra.
Outside of the forest, countless disciples were waiting for Li Qiye to be kicked out. Protector Mo and Nan Huairen still had their gazes turned away as they were unwilling to see Li Qiye being humiliated. However, as moments passed, a silence encroached the surroundings. One could hear the drop of a needle from a mile away. Surprised by the lack of jeers and cheers from Li Qiye's failure, the two turned their heads around. What entered their sight was an unimaginable scene.
A disciple softly whimpered in shock: "Level... level... level eight..."
"Level nine, ten, eleven..."
Li Qiye paraded through the levels as if he was walking in an empty street. His speed remained as swift as it was during the first level.
"Level... level... fourteen..."
In the end, Li Qiye went straight through the Chaotic Heart Forest with full confidence, and he leisurely stepped out of the last level.
Everyone was now frozen. Passing through the fourteen levels of the Chaotic Heart Forest — this was an impossible feat. From the ancient past until now, none from the younger generation of the Nine Saint Demon Gate had ever accomplished it. Even Li Shuangyan, who had the highest aptitude and most fortified willpower, couldn't accomplish such a feat.
"This is impossible... simply impossible! This cannot be!" Xu Hui fell deep into confusion, but this was the reality that laid before his eyes.
Protector Hua had his mouth wide open as well. He couldn't close it due to his bewilderment.
Even the sect master could not pass the fourteenth level of the Chaotic Heart Forest. What kind of willpower was this?
Li Qiye came back and casually spoke: "Eh, this is only the appetizer." It was as if he had just taken a walk in the comfort of his own garden.
Li Qiye glanced at Xu Hui and casually declared: "Okay, kneel and start crawling!"
Xu Hui loudly howled: "No... No, this cannot be happening!" It wasn't only him, everyone else here also found themselves in disbelief.
Protector Hua wondered: "Was there something wrong with the Chaotic Heart Forest?"
"Surely, surely that is the case. Maybe the prohibiting spells of the forest have lost their power." It was as if Xu Hui was trying to find a tree branch while drowning. He quickly added: "It doesn't count, the Chaotic Heart Forest has lost its effect."
"There is no chance it has lost its power." A while later, Grand Protector Yu He gathered his thoughts, shook his head, and continued: "From the creation of the sect, the forest has never been ineffective. I will go and check."
Finished with his words, he personally entered the Chaotic Heart Forest.
Yu He was indeed formidable and befitting his Grand Protector status. His willpower was substantial, he easily made it through the first nine levels. After reaching the tenth level, his speed decreased.
A loud noise roared through the air. Yu He could not pass all the levels of the forest. He was kicked out before reaching the eleventh level.
"The Chaotic Heart Forest did not lose its power." Yu He stated this with complete confidence. He stared at Li Qiye with curious eyes, not understanding the event that had transpired.
Li Qiye, who was only thirteen years old, was capable of finishing the Chaotic Heart Forest? Unless there was a mysterious force at work here, his cultivation willpower was immutable. However, a mere thirteen-year-old boy could not possibly have this level of willpower. It required centuries and millenniums to have such a mind. Although he had a mortal body and inferior innate talents, it would only be a matter of time before he became a Virtuous Paragon through sheer willpower.
Protector Hua inquired: "You, are you carrying a sacred treasure?"
Xu Hui raises his voice: "That has to be the case. The Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect is an Immortal Emperor level sect, maybe he is hiding an Immortal Emperor sacred treasure."
This was indeed the most logical explanation. Right now, everyone was thinking that this was the case. Ultimately, even though the sect was now weak, it was not unreasonable to think that one or two Immortal Emperor sacred treasures were left behind. If he used just one of them, then he could indeed pass the Chaotic Heart Forest unharmed.
Protector Hua boldly proclaimed: "Using a sacred treasure to cheat, this bet does not count!"
He was sure that Li Qiye had committed foul play.
"Protector Hua, that is unfair." Protector Mo had no time to think about how Li Qiye passed the trial. He gravely said: "This is a test designed by your sect. You cannot lose and then relinquish the test."
Protector Hua replied: "If you use a treasure to cheat, then of course it won't count."
Taking Li Qiye's side, Protector Mo continued: "It does not matter whether he used external tools or not. Your sect did not declare that he could not use treasures to pass the test. Our disciple has gone through the forest, this round is ours."
Protector Mo did not want to waste time, so he turned to Yu he and asked: "Protector Yu, did the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect win this round or not?"
"About this matter..." Yu He could not decide. He did not believe that Li Qiye had actually passed the forest without external help. However, the Nine Saint Demon Gate also did not state the rule that one couldn't use sacred treasures.
"I walk my route straight and sit tall; my heart has no shameful secrets to the heavens. Unlike the people of the Nine Saint Demon Gate, betting and losing and then being unable to accept the loss. If you think I am hiding a treasure, then try and find it. If you can find it, then I will give it to you."
Yu He contemplated for a moment, lifted his head, and then spoke to Li Qiye: "If you want to prove your innocence, we have a solution. The great ancestor left behind a treasure named the Immortal Bone Mirror; it can see through all hidden objects. If you are willing to let us use it, then we can tell whether you bear a treasure or not."
"I agree to the usage of the Immortal Bone Mirror." Protector Hua was the first to speak: "If the mirror cannot find anything, then it will mean that he did not carry a hidden treasure."
The disciples banded together and roared: "Yes! If you don't want to, then it means that you cheated."
"I pity you lot." Li Qiye stared at them and agreed: "I will allow the mirror test. Bring it out."
Yu He sent people to grab the mirror. This mirror had a deep history; it was said that its heritage dated back to the Desolate Era and that it had been honed by an Immortal Emperor. The Immortal Bone Mirror was much stronger than the mirror that was used by the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect to test new disciples.