In the vast and limitless expanse of mist and snow, endless ice shards swirled in the wind and collided in a violent maelstrom. Subzero temperatures chilled one's bones to a freezing cold temperature, as if it would turn even one's very soul into nothing but ice. Here was the Snowfall Realm, within the myriad dimensions of the Realm of the Gods. It was a bleak and hopeless land of endless, blinding white tundra. From one year to the next, there was nothing but desolate snow, and the bitter cold. Within these bleak fields of ice, the wind picked up, and dozens of ice shards whistled through the air, revolving and condensing in a vast eddy. Within this current, a shimmering mercurial veil bloomed into existence, and in the next second, a woman in a sapphire blue dress emerged. The woman's aura was like that of a regal queen. Her raven-black hair flowed like a river of the purest ink. Every inch of her body exuded an aura of holiness. In this desolate wasteland, it was as if the most beautiful pure ice lotus had fully bloomed. The only flaw on her otherwise perfect features was a thin stream of bright red blood that dripped down from the corners of her red lips. That mercurial veil began to fade, and the woman spat out a mouthful of blood - it was as if this beautiful ice lotus was wilting. "Big sister!" A girl's voice resounded clearly in the crisp air, and a shining white light flew from the woman's body and condensed into the shape of a frantic young girl. "Sister, are you alright?" "Do not worry." The blue-clothed woman beckoned with her hand. She had already suffered a grievous wound, and had forcefully shattered the barriers of space and time in order to pass through the limitless void and the infinite night to arrive at a different dimension within the Realm of the Gods. This had caused her previously serious injuries to compound even further. "Where is this?" The sapphire blue-clothed woman asked. The young girl pulled out a jade slip and probed it with her divine sense. "Sister, we've arrived at the Snowfall Realm." "...Snowfall?" The sapphire blue-clothed female said with a trace of shock, before she sighed. "Of the three thousand worlds within the Realm of the Gods, I've travelled through the infinite void to countless lands. I fled, but to think that I would end up in the one place that I didn't wish to go...." She laughed bitterly. "My name is Mo Eversnow... snowfall, snowfall... here, I too will fall..." "Big sister, we..." The young girl began, but the air trembled, and a massive amount of energy poured into the air. In the next moment, space began to be ripped open, as if it was being torn asunder by a pair of cruel hands, and a black clothed man walked out from the void. The young girl saw this man, and her complexion greatly changed as her words fell silent. The black-clothed man had an outstanding appearance that was incomparably handsome. Only, both his pupils were a vivid blood-red, which lent him a somewhat savage appearance. He looked at Mo Eversnow and lightly smiled, "Saintess, Your Highness, we meet again." Mo Eversnow was eminently calm and resolute. Although she'd expected her enemies to be pursuing her, she hadn't expected them to catch up so quickly. The man continued, "Saintess, Your Highness, I apologize for the events having come this far. It's truly regrettable that your Verdant Feather Holy Lands was destroyed. As for that, I had no choice, as I was helplessly forced to do so. For existences such as you and I, with our cultivations, there's nothing in this world that is beyond our reach; the only thing that you and I desire is to reach the pinnacle of power, and to be eternal existences. I would like to request Saintess to kindly hand over the Divine Magic Cube. We can cultivate together, and study the secrets of the Magic Cube until the end of time. How about it?" Mo Eversnow began to revolve the supernatural divine power within herself. She coldly said, "Cease your meaningless words. Tian Mingzi, you may have destroyed my Verdant Feather Holy Lands, but if you want to kill me, then you'll have to pay the blood price." "Is that so? Then I'll have to give it a try." The man called Tian Mingzi seemed disinterested. He casually waved his right hand, and an ancient pagoda appeared in his palm. This was the catastrophic spirit treasure, the God Sealing Pagoda. It was capable of sealing gods and binding demons, as well as being a vessel that could hold tens of thousands of warriors. Just half a month ago, this man had used this God Sealing Pagoda to transport over 10,000 powerhouses from the Realm of the Gods, and had suddenly appeared within the Verdant Feather Holy Lands, leading to its ultimate destruction. Tian Mingzi threw the God Sealing Pagoda into the air. Golden light sparkled outwards, and 10,000 powerhouses appeared in the world of snow. The entire sky was completely covered with ominous shadows. Over 10,000 people stood in the void, casually staring with indifference at the two women that were isolated and helpless within the endless expanse of ice. Mo Eversnow saw this, and the corners up her lips panned upwards in a condescending sneer. She had been waiting for this moment. Netherworld Holy Land, Primordial Universe Holy Lands, Ancient Laguna Palace, Crimson Blood Demon Island... since you plotted together to destroy my Verdant Feather Holy Lands, then today, even at the cost of my own soul, I'll bury you all here! Tian Mingzi said, "Mo Eversnow, I respect you, and admire your strength and talent that defies the will of the heavens. But now you've been seriously wounded. In the face of these 10,000 powerhouses from the Realm of the Gods, you've no chance of winning. I will leave you one path: surrender the Divine Crystal Magic Cube here, and I will let you and your sister leave alive." Mo Eversnow ignored him. Her mind stirred, and a one inch gray cube slowly appeared in her hand. The gray cube was entirely covered with black inscriptions. This was the object that had caused such turmoil throughout the entire Realm of the Gods - the Divine Crystal Magic Cube. Mo Eversnow poured all of her supernatural divine power into the Divine Crystal Magic Cube. Although she'd been in possession of the Divine Crystal Magic Cube for less than a year, she'd still been able to perceive some of the esoteric secrets contained within. Perhaps the legends were true, and this was a crystallized soul left behind by a fabled True God that had fallen from the heavens. It had the terrifying power to crush the soul of any existence. However, with Mo Eversnow's strength, she was still unable to control this power. If she tried to, even her own soul would be devoured by this Divine Crystal Magic Cube. "Yue'er, don't resist." "Big sister?" The young girl didn't know what Mo Eversnow was planning on doing, but at this moment, her entire body became covered in a layer of light. This light broke through the void, and sent her away. First, Mo Eversnow had to send off her little sister. This was because once the forbidden power of the Magic Cube was unleashed, every single soul around would be sucked in and shattered apart. This was also the reason that she hadn't used this forbidden power within the Verdant Feather Holy Lands. "Haha, you want to send off your little sister? How could I let you do as you please?" Tian Mingzi's hands twisted together, forming countless seals that would freeze the void within a 10 mile radius. But at this moment, his expression changed. A terrifying power seemed to be condensing within the Divine Crystal Magic Cube in Mo Eversnow's palm, causing him to feel a soul-trembling fear from the core of his very being. This is..... Tian Mingzi's heart raced, and his seal-forming patterns changed. He sensed a life or death crisis heading towards him. Heaven Earth Yuan Qi went wild in that instant. A massive vortex of energy appeared above the Divine Crystal Magic Cube. "With my soul as a guide, let me borrow the power of a True Divinity! Soul Extinction!" Mo Eversnow calmly and coldly spoke these words. In the next moment, her body was transformed into dazzling specks of starlight. Her soul and consciousness were turned into streams of light that were completely absorbed into the Divine Crystal Magic Cube. Seeing this, Tian Mingzi's expression changed. Without any hesitation, he hastily ripped open the space around himself, attempting to escape. But at this moment, the terrifying energies within the Divine Crystal Magic Cube erupted outwards. It was as if a star itself had exploded, and all of the space around was like a thin slip of paper that was being torn apart. The 10,000 powerhouses of the Realm of the Gods had just arrived in this snowy world, only to come face to face with a life or death crisis. Those that had the ability to pass through worlds tried to escape through the endless void. But it was too late. All of the surrounding space was instantly dismantled, and the resulting massive storm sucked them all in like scraps of paper. Their bodies were turned into dust that vanished, and their souls were shattered into fragments within that storm before being absorbed into the Magic Cube. An enormous swath of space of the Snowfall Realm had been twisted into an utter dead zone. This zone was flooded with space storms that were capable of destroying anything and everything. As for the Divine Crystal Magic Cube, it swallowed all of the soul fragments, before it was sucked into these space storms and thrown into the endless void......
Within the Sky Fortune City, the capital of Sky Fortune Kingdom, the Seven Profound Martial House stands before the greater Zhou Mountains.  The Seven Profound Martial House - it is the martial house set up by the Seven Profound Valley, a martial arts sect with over six hundred years of heritage. It was also the only martial house set up by them in the Sky Fortune Kingdom. As largest martial house, the Seven Profound Martial House possessed a great number of legacy martial skills and martial arts masters as tutors. It was only natural that it would become a holy land for many young aspiring martial artists. Correspondingly, the entrance qualifications for new recruits in the Seven Profound Martial House was set at an exceedingly high threshold. It would not be an exaggeration to say that only one in a million were able to qualify. Under the scorching heat of summer, a young boy stood within a forest of the great Zhou Mountains. Both his fists were wrapped up with strips of cloth as he stood bare chested before a rough looking big tree. He threw punch after punch, striking heavily against the tree trunk. Peng! Peng! Heavy sounds echoed out around the forest. The layer of thick bark on the large tree that were struck had sunk downwards noticeably, exposing its grayish wooden texture. On its surface, traces of blood could be seen. This young boy's name is Lin Ming. He possessed a third grade martial talent. In the Sky Fortune Kingdom, half of its citizens have no martial talent to speak of and weren't suited to walk the road of martial arts. As for the other half, at least eighty percent of them have a first grade martial talent. Even if these people were to practice martial arts, they would not be able to reach anywhere. One in ten of the remaining people have a ninety per cent chance of having second grade martial talent. If these people were to be diligent in their practice of martial arts, they would have a chance to accomplish something in life. However, becoming a master of the martial arts would be near hopeless for them. Lin Ming's third grade martial talent could be considered as a high-class existence. If one were to be boastful, one could claim that he is the cream of the crop. However, even with his martial talent, it would still be difficult for him to enter the Seven Profound Martial House! Lin Ming was well aware of this. Together with his childhood friend, the beautiful Lan Yunyue who also has a third grade martial talent, they had agreed to take the entrance examination for the Sky Fortune Martial House even though it was nowhere near as good as the Seven Profound Martial House. The Sky Fortune Martial House was part of the Sky Fortune Kingdom. Since the day of its inception, it has only eighty years' worth of martial skills, legacy and foundation, a limited number indeed. Legacy martial skills were something of great importance to martial artists. Without a good set of martial skills, the goal of completing the final Body Training realm, the Pulse Condensation realm, or higher would be near impossible. The Pulse Condensation realm was a realm that most martial artists vied for and dreamed of. It was also the first turning point for cultivators of the martial path. Once the Pulse Condensation realm was successfully attained, a martial artist's lifespan would be greatly increased. Additionally, they would also be granted the title of nobility, allowing them to live a life of prosperity, bringing a blessing to their descendants. It was in this Pulse Condensation realm training that the Sky Fortune Martial House fell precipitously behind the Seven Profound Martial House. Lin Ming's heart pulsed for the sake of the road of martial arts. It was only natural that he too desired to enter the Seven Profound Martial House. If his talent was insufficient, then he could only rely on his own diligence and perseverance to impress the examiners. However, the prospect of him entering was very low. Moreover, once he failed, he would have to waste half a year's time to wait for another opportunity. For martial artists, this amount of time is highly precious. Placing all this into consideration, in addition to the fact that he had promised Lan Yunyue, Lin Ming decided instead to enter the Sky Fortune Martial House. Lin Ming and Lan Yunyue had trained and played together for many years. Even though the both of them were still young and the topic of marriage never came up, those emotions have already begun budding. Lin Ming's parents on the other hand, had shown their approval and love towards Lan Yunyue. They would always invite Lan Yunyue to their house for dinner. A mutual feeling of goodwill existed between Lin Ming and Lan Yunyue, leaving only a thin piece of paper between the two. Once they grow just a bit older, this piece of paper would certainly be torn apart. Lin Ming viewed the agreement between them both seriously. He had determined to charge towards the Pulse Condensation realm even if he could only train within the Sky Fortune Martial House! However, on the day that Sky Fortune Martial House held its entrance assessment, Lan Yunyue failed to show up. At first, Lin Ming assumed that Lan Yunyue was unable to arrive due to some matters. It was only later that he learnt of Lan Yunyue entering the Seven Profound Martial House. Additionally, the one who had ensured her success in becoming a disciple of Seven Profound Martial House was Zhu Yan, the genius Young Master of Green Mulberry City's number one family. Although Lin Ming was only fifteen years old, he had accompanied his parents outside the city before. Thus, he has a greater level of maturity compared to others. He understood the meaning behind Zhu Yan's act of ensuring that the Seven Profound Martial House accepted Lan Yunyue. For a great family such as the Zhu Family, their prerequisite in selecting future wives lied not in terms of appearances, but rather their martial talent. A highly talented wife would have a higher chance of giving birth to a martial genius. Although though Lan Yunyue's family was only average, her third grade martial talent was very good considering her gender. In addition, Lan Yunyue herself was a beauty with an outstanding temperament. It was only natural that Zhu Yan would fall for her. For Lan Yunyue, the difference between the Sky Fortune Martial House and Seven Profound Martial House was simply too great. The opportunities, honor, glory, and potential accomplishments that both could able to provide were simply incomparable. This was especially true regarding the extension of life that could be gained after one successfully reached the Pulse Condensation realm. Such a temptation was simply irresistible for girls. Faced with such appealing prospects, most females would have chosen to go with Zhu Yan as well. After all, Zhu Yan himself possessed handsome features and his family background and future were both far better compared to Lin Ming's. Although he was able to understand this, to say that this matter did not greatly affect Lin Ming would be a lie. He shut himself within his room for three days. After that, he walked out and proceeded to eat, sleep and train. Moreover, the intensity of his training had become much higher than before. Before Lan Yunyue had left him, Lin Ming had already made the decision to break through into the Pulse Condensation realm and pursue an even higher realm of martial cultivation. The current Lin Ming was no different. If he still had any doubts before, then Lan Yunyue's act of leaving him had hardened his resolve towards the road of martial arts. He made the decision to enter the entrance assessment for the Seven Profound Martial House, no matter how difficult the process would be. Peng! Peng! The heavy sounds of fists striking against the tree trunk echoed continuously throughout the forest. The name of this tree was an ironwood tree. Not only does it possess an extremely tough layer of bark, it also had strong regenerative properties. Many beginners of the martial path would choose this ironbark tree to train themselves. After throwing out who innumerable punches, Lin Ming finally exhausted himself. Leaning upon a tree trunk, he sat down on a piece of rock and removed some herbs from a backpack placed on the ground. He smeared them onto the surface of his fists and kneaded. For those who pursued martial arts, frequent usage of body treatment herbs were necessary. Not doing so would cause internal injuries to build up. Once these internal injuries accumulated, there was a possibility of becoming a cripple or even death. This herb is called iron thread grass It was given this name because the green juice produced from squeezing iron thread grass could help heal wounds but would cause a terribly painful sensation akin to having iron threads brushing upon the wounds. Lin Ming grit his teeth as he endured the pain. He retrieved a white cloth from within the backpack and rolled it around his fists, bandaging it. Truth be told, there were many other herbs that are more effective compared to the iron thread grass. These herbs also has a milder side effect, but came at a much higher price. Lin Ming's circumstances made it impossible for him to afford such herbs. Lin Ming's parents ran a restaurant within Green Mulberry City. However, this restaurant did not belong to them; it actually belonged to the Lin Family of Green Mulberry City. Although Lin Ming's surname is also Lin, his family line had been separated from the Lin Family by several generations. The Lin Family placed some off their less important assets into the hands of their distant relatives for management. Lin Ming's parents livelihood were dependent on their management of this restaurant. Every year they would be given a fixed amount of income and some commission. This money was naturally enough for them to subsist on, however, it would be a stretch to use it to fund Lin Ming's pursuit of martial arts. Lin Ming's parents had originally wanted Lin Ming to continue the family business and become a manager for the restaurant. However, seeing Lin Ming's ardent devotion towards the martial path, they instead chose to take out all their savings for Lin Ming to purchase healing herbs. Since then, Lin Ming's family savings had decreased bit by bit. But Lin Ming on the other hand had remained at the first stage of Body Training. The Body Training Stage was the first realm for those who pursued the road of martial arts. It involves the tempering of their bodies and was separated into six stages. The first stage was Strength Training, second was Flesh Training, third was Viscera Training, fourth was Altering Muscle, fifth was Bone Forging and sixth was Pulse Condensing. After that, one would be able to step into the Houtian realm. After applying the iron thread grass juice onto his wounds, Lin Ming rested for one hour to allow his wounds to absorb the medicinal properties of the herb. He then straightened himself and was about to continue training his fists when a fat youth walked into view. This fat youth was carrying a long sword with him. Seeing Lin Ming, he grinned and spoke. "Brother Lin, today is the registration day for the entrance examination of the Seven Profound Martial House. Did you happen to forget about it? Why are you still training your fists here?" This youth's name was Lin Xiaodong, he was slightly younger than Lin Ming. Growing up together, the two of them had a very strong bond of brotherhood. Lin Xiaodong was a direct descendant of the Lin Family. However, even for direct descendants, there existed a ranking system. As it happened, Lin Xiaodong was part of the lowest ranked one. As for Lin Xiaodong's parents, they too were engaged in business and had a close relationship with Lin Ming's parents. After seeing Lin Xiaodong, Lin Ming turned his attention back to the tree trunk and said. "The beginning part of the registration will have too many people. The queue would take up 2-4 hours. Going there now would be a waste of time." "Damn it, you won't even let go of this small amount of time. Do you really have to go that far?" Lin Xiaodong exaggeratedly said and walked up to the tree trunk. Looking at the hollows caused by the fists and the traces of blood that stained the wood, he turned to see Lin Ming's bandaged fists. He then let out a sigh of disappointment. "You really are crazy, to be able to damage Iironbark wood to such an extent. However, with your current training methods, iron thread grass alone won't be enough. If you keep this up, your hands will become crippled!" Lin Ming didn't respond. The road of martial arts was a constant struggle against the heavens. Considering his third grade martial talent, reaching the sixth stage of Pulse Condensation would be incredibly difficult. If he did not give it his all while he was still young, then he would have no hope at achieving his goal. Once he had given his all, there would certainly be the possibility of him becoming a cripple due to the accumulation of internal injuries. However, there was also the possibility of him attaining success before that happened. And once he could successfully enter the Pulse Condensation realm, he could attain true primal tempering of the body and the internal injuries would vanish. For Lin Ming, this was a battle with his back against the raging river. This was also a gamble with his life on the line. Lin Xiaodong sighed and pulled out a bundle from his bosom. He unfurled the bundle layer by layer and said. "Brother Lin, take this." Lin Ming turned around and was shocked to find a bloody crimson colored ginseng lying upon the cloth bundle. Judging from its appearance, this strain of blood ginseng was at least a hundred years old. It was a high-grade medicine used for mending wounds and nourishing blood. A thin slice was enough for each use. In addition, the powerful healing properties of this blood ginseng were very gentle. This blood ginseng should be worth at least a hundred and fifty gold taels, the equivalent of Lin Ming's family's annual income. Lin Ming froze and he shook his head. "I cannot accept this Blood Ginseng." Even though they were close brothers, this Blood Ginseng was simply too expensive. Lin Xiaodong's position within the Lin Family was very low. Even though his family situation was much better when compared to Lin Ming's it would still be far from comfortable if their income were used to supplement Lin Xiaodong's martial training. Lin Xiaodong forcibly pushed the Blood Ginseng into Lin Ming's hands and said. "I bought this Blood Ginseng for you. You know how I train; I fish every three days and dry the fishing nets every two days" "My body's injuries are no more than a fart's worth. Using this would be a waste. If you refuse then I would have bought this for nothing. I do not have much ambitions in life. I just want to continue holding on to my position as a direct descendant of the Lin Family. As long as I do not end up losing this position and my next generation could also successfully maintain their place in the Lin Family, that is enough for me." Lin Ming remained silent for a moment before receiving the Blood Ginseng. He then said. "Very well, I will accept this Blood Ginseng. For the sake of this ginseng, I will break through to the Pulse Condensation realm." "Haha, now that is more like it. Not only should you break through into the Pulse Condensation realm, you must also turn that son of a bitch Zhu Yan upside down. That bastard has been an eyesore for a long time!" Zhu Yan, huh... Lin Ming sighed lightly. Zhu Yan had already been admitted into the Seven Profound Martial House. In addition, Zhu Yan was currently one of the high ranked disciples within the inner Heavenly Abode, his strength having reached the pinnacle of the Third Stage of Body Training. Even so, Lin Ming had set defeating Zhu Yan as his objective. This decision was not due to Lan Yunyue but rather due to his pursuit of the martial path. This path required him breaking through one threshold after another; conquering one mountain after another. As for Zhu Yan, he had the honorable spot of being the first to be conquered. At the base of the great Zhou Mountains lied a stretch of buildings extending up to twenty miles in length. This was the area of operations for the Seven Profound Martial House and today was the day of registration for those who wishes to take the Seven Profound Martial House's entrance assessment. A crowd was gathered on the field before the Seven Profound Martial House. Even though Lin Ming and Lin Xiaodong had deliberately chosen to arrive late, they came to realize that they had underestimated the number of applicants. The applicants were all lined up in three lines, with each line extending up to several meters in length. Judging by the current queue, one hour would be needed before registration could be completed. "We will have to wait," Lin Xiaodong gave a sigh and stood helplessly in line. "Mm," Lin Ming nodded his head. "Hey, there are very few people there," Lin Xiaodong pointed towards a small gate nearby. There were only a few people there. Furthermore, the ground was also paved with red carpet. "That place is reserved for nobles..." Lin Ming noticed the writings on the sign. Since the Seven Profound Martial House was built upon the grounds, buildings and resources of Sky Fortune Kingdom, it was only natural for them to give some face to the elite classes of the kingdom. In fact, many of the martial house's affairs would be handed over to the elites to manage. One such example was today's registration for entrance examination. "Damn it," Lin Xiaodong muttered in discontent. Nobility was something that only the Imperial Family could grant and could be inherited. Even though the Lin Family is a wealthy family, it was not a noble family. Lin Xiaodong was cursing off at the nobles while consoling himself when the doors of the gate opened. Two young men strode out from the gate; one of them was wearing blue clothes with a long sword attached to his waist. His hair was tied up into a gold colored head piece and he had a handsome appearance. Seeing the appearance of this man caused Lin Ming to frown. This was none other than Zhu Yan. The Zhu Family's daughter had married into the Imperial Family and had become the Emperor's favored concubine. With this advantage in the royal family, the Zhu Family soared to become the number one family within Green Mulberry City. Moreover, they were also granted the rank of nobility, thus allowing Zhu Yan to ensure Lan Yunyue's admittance into the Seven Profound Martial House. "Damn, we end up meeting a detestable person," Lin Xiaodong muttered unhappily. Zhu Yan was walking side by side with the other young man. A few other nobles waiting outside then chose to follow the two of them. It would appear that Zhu Yan was bringing the other young man to register. The two of them continued walking forward. At this rate, it was inevitable that Lin Ming and Zhu Yan bump into one another. With his current position and strength, it was possible that he would end up suffering badly if they were to bump into one another. But, Lin Ming chose not to run and instead looked forward in a calm manner as Zhu Yan approached. Zhu Yan's pace was disrupted after catching sight of Lin Ming and Lin Xiaodong. His first reaction was that of shock. After that, he frowned. Seeing Lin Ming made him feel uncomfortable. Although he had snatched away Lan Yunyue, she had refused to engage in any acts of intimacy before their wedding. Clearly, Lin Ming still existed within Lan Yunyue's heart, not to mention her feelings of guilt. The only reason she had chosen Zhu Yan was due to the Seven Profound Martial House. As a man, Zhu Yan was unable to tolerate the fact that his future wife's heart remained within the grasp of another man. "You are called Lin Ming, am I right? How unexpected, you would actually follow us all the way here. You, with a mere cultivation level of First Stage in Physical Training want to take the test to enter the Seven Profound Martial House?" The meaning behind Zhu Yan's words was obvious. He would never allow Lin Ming to enter the Seven Profound Martial House. Even though Lin Ming's strength was of no threat to him, Lin Ming's existence within the Seven Profound Martial House would make it impossible for Lan Yunyue to forget Lin Ming. "Whether or not I manage to pass the assessment is my own problem. I am not here as a result of following anyone. I am here due to my pursuit of the road of martial arts." "The road of martial arts? A mere above average talent like you dared to utter the words of pursuing the martial path? Insolence!" Having said that, Zhu Yan's finger released a light sound; after that, his long sword shot out from its sheath! Zhu Yan grasped onto the sword and slashed the air, releasing an intense sword energy, which created an air splitting sound. A barely visible wave flew outwards, directly cutting down half the canopy of a nearby tree. The sounds of "pususu" could be heard as a large number of branches and leaves fell to the ground. The people around all stared with bulging eyes. Most of them were of roughly the same age as Zhu Yan and were not that much younger. However, Zhu Yan's accomplishment in the Martial Way had already left them far behind. The reason Zhu Yan unleashed this sword slash was to give Lin Ming a mental blow, and show him the disparity between the two of them. "I am a fourth grade martial talent. I began training in martial arts since I was twelve, consuming countless medicinal pills in the process and have now entered the Heavenly Abode's Sword Sect within the Seven Profound Martial House. I am currently at the pinnacle of the Third Stage of Body Training. Even so, I am barely at the start of the road of martial arts. And yet, someone like you with a mere First Stage in Physical Training dared to talk about the road of martial arts?" Zhu Yan's manner of speech was so arrogant, it caused Lin Xiaodong to become enraged. "Surnamed Zhu! You are simply someone born two years earlier than us! What are you boasting about? If our age were reversed, this senior would use just one hand to toss you away!" Zhu Yan frowned and turned to look at Lin Xiaodong. He took a step forward, the primal energies within his body exploded outwards as he asked. "Who are you?" "I..." Due to the oppressive pressure sent out by Zhu Yan, Lin Xiaodong's words were stuck in his throat. He took a step backwards, swallowed his own saliva and patted his chest before speaking. "This Young Master is called Lin Xiaodong, you better remember it!" "Lin Xiaodong? Heng, those from the Lin Family that has the qualifications to talk with me can be counted with one hand. What makes you think that a clown like you have the qualifications to speak to me? That includes even you, Lin Ming! If not for Lan Yunyue, you have no qualifications to talk to me at all! I will give you this advice, a man must know his own limits. Someone like Lan Yunyue is not someone that you could match up to." A female with Grade Three Martial Talent with good looks and bearing is rare within Green Mulberry City. Most of them would only appear in great families. However, considering the conflicts of interest between the great families, they would never allow their talented females to be married off into other families, leading to the strengthening of their rivals' bloodline. Thus, most great families would request that the male side marry into their family. This was the reason why Zhu Yan had said that. "A thousand gold taels! From today onwards, I do not want to see you face again!" Zhu Yan said as he pulled out a stack of gold bills from his sleeves. The people around were rendered speechless. A thousand gold liangs was a very high sum of money, enough for a martial artist in the Physical Training Stage to buy up necessary high-grade herbs for training usage for up to three years. "A thousand gold taels? Do you take us for beggars?" Lin Xiaodong pushed back the stack of gold bills. Truth be told, he was simply putting on a brave facade. Even for him, a thousand gold taels was a huge sum of wealth. Zhu Yan flicked his hands and a powerful repelling force knocked Lin Xiaodong away. Zhu Yan coldly stared at Lin Ming, awaiting his answer. Lin Ming took a deep breath before speaking out in a slow yet powerful tone. "Zhu Yan, I am not your match in terms of talent, I am even less so in terms of family background. However, the cultivation of martial arts does not depend only on talent and financial support; there is an even more important factor... the heart of a martial artist!" "Your cultivation of martial arts is done for the sake of wealth, status and vanity. However, my cultivation of martial arts is done for the sake of pursuing the road of martial arts. The road of martial arts does not exist for those with talent, it does not exist for those with authority and it does not exist for those with money. It exists for those whose heart beats for the sake of martial arts! There will come a day when I will surpass you!" As he reached the end of his sentence, Lin Ming spoke out each word with emphasis and in a clear voice. Everyone who were standing nearby could clearly make out what he had said. A third grade martial talent wanted to chase after a fourth grade martial talent. In addition, there was an enormous gap in terms of background between them both. This brat had gone mad! Hearing Lin Ming's words, Zhu Yan became momentarily stunned before laughing out. "Good! Very good indeed! I will be waiting for you!" After saying that, Zhu Yan kept the stack of gold bills. With a "weng" sound, the long sword returned to its sheath. Zhu Yan then gave Lin Ming a long look before turning away.
 "Brother Ming, you were truly domineering back then!" Lin Xiaodong said with gusto as they walked down the road. Lin Ming remained quiet. The things that he had said back then had sounded grand and impressive, however, it would be extremely difficult for him to surpass Zhu Yan. The amount of effort that he would be required to pay would be colossal. He has no fear of hard work or bitterness. But the same could not be said for internal injuries. Medicinal herbs were needed to heal those injuries and those medicines were undoubtedly expensive. Lin Xiaodong was able to guess what Lin Ming was thinking and said. "Brother Ming, all you need to do is train hard. As for the financial side of things, I will figure it out for you. Just be rest assured, even though my grandfather's position in the family is not high, it is still nothing to scoff at. Taking out a few hundred gold liangs is not impossible for me." Lin Ming stopped walking and turned around to face Lin Xiaodong. In life, there are many fair weather friends, but those who would offer help in times of need are rare. Between brothers, saying thanks would be hypocritical. Yet, Lin Ming still stopped and said in a serious tone. "Xiaodong, thank you." "Enough, stop this. This is too much for me. I am not someone who pursues much in life. Taking the entrance assessment for the Seven Profound Martial House is simply a way to protect my father's reputation. Brother Ming, I will bet on you. After you become a master in the future, you must help cover my ass a bit, hahaha." Lin Ming gave a hearty smile and laughed. "En! With a brother like you, I will definitely persevere onwards onto the Martial Way." By the time Lin Ming returned to his dwelling place, it was already evening. This room was one that he had rented. During this period of time, from the day that Seven Profound Martial House began its registration for entrance assessment until the day of its assessment, all the dwelling places within Sky Fortune City would be packed and inns full. The rental rates would undoubtedly increase by half. Thus, many applicants would choose to rent a room. Naturally, that in itself was not a cheap option. Lin Ming had rented a single room of only ten square meters in area with a very simple set up. Just as he was about to begin his meditation upon the bed, someone knocked on the door. Lin Ming opened the door to see the landlady standing there. The landlady is a roughly fifty years old woman with a somewhat obese body. The landlady's face was usually fierce and harsh, but today she was sporting a pleasant looking smile, causing Lin Ming to feel that something was off. "Landlady, is there anything?" "This... little fellow, I am sorry, but can you please vacate this room." "En?" Lin Ming frowned. "Why?" "Hehe, sorry, but I have rented this room," A harsh sounding male voice interrupted. Lin Ming turned around and found a man with huge monkey like ears walking in from the hallway. The man was smiling in a seemingly playful manner. Looking at him for a moment, Lin Ming recognized him as one of the underlings that had followed along behind Zhu Yan and the other young man. It appeared that he is the underling of the other young man. Back then, the other young man had remained silent and only looked at Lin Ming and Lin Xiaodong with an expression of contempt. No doubt, the young man was currently trying to get in the good books of Zhu Yan by sending his own underling to cause problems for Lin Ming. All he needed to do was offer a rental fee several times higher than what he had and the landlady would naturally be willing to force him out. Presently, the Seven Profound Martial House is holding its registration event, leading to difficulty in searching for a dwelling place. Finding another place to rent was easier said than done. But even if he did, there was no guarantee that this underling would not appear to cause problems for him again. Lin Ming's face turned heavy and he gazed coldly at the landlady. "Back then we had agreed that I will be renting for five months. I have also paid you the five months' rent in advance. Currently, there is still three more months until the deadline. But, you want me to leave now?" The landlady smiled apologetically. "This... Naturally, I am aware of this. How about this? I will return the rent for the three months back to you. How about that?" "Ah! Return me the three months' rent? You have quite the calculative mind!" Lin Ming's anger had begun boiling. If this landlady had been forced to evict him due to the pressure of the other person, then Lin Ming would simply have left. However, her current actions and words have made him furious. "Hey, what are you talking about. Back then, we had only talked about it and not signed off on anything. This room is mine. Who I choose to rent it to is up to me!" Considering Sky Fortune City's status as the capital city of Sky Fortune Kingdom, all the property owners here have a subconscious sense of superiority. To them, all those who came from the outside are but country bumpkins; they would look down upon them while speaking in tones of disdain towards them. Furthermore, this man beside her was obviously someone sent by a rich and powerful family. With someone like this backing her up, the landlady became more courageous. At this moment, the man with monkey like ears laughed out arrogantly. "If you are sensible, then just get out immediately. I will tell you something else. This Young Master has my eyes on you. Even if you manage to find another place to rent, I will still be able to throw you out. Within this three months before the entrance assessment for the Seven Profound Martial House begins, you should just resign yourself to sleeping in the streets, haha!" The man laughed. For those who were born within the circle of elites, it was only natural for them to form an arrogant sense of superiority. However, even when they were expressing their arrogance, they would still maintain a certain bearing of grace and speech, just like Zhu Yan. This person standing before him on the other hand was revealing a naked form of arrogance, one befitting those of bullies who could only depend on others. Lin Ming stared at the man with monkey like ears, his eyes turning colder with each passing moment. "What are you looking at? Are you thinking about hitting me? Let me tell you, my Young Master is the second son of the lord of the Defence Army for Sky Fortune City. If you dare beat this Young Master, then this Young Master will..." "Scram!" Lin Ming shouted and threw out a punch, striking the man squarely in this nose. With a "peng", the man flew out followed by a series of crashing sounds. After which, the man lied on a pile of debris amidst broken furnitures and pots, his hair dishevelled and his face dripping with blood. A fist capable of indenting Iron Tree struck the man squarely in the face. The result could be imagined, the man's nose had totally sunk inwards. The landlady became shocked, her eyes bulged out for several moments before suddenly shouted out miserably. "Help! Murder!" The landlady rushed out, but her fat legs were unable to work properly and she fell on the floor with a plop. Lin Ming stepped towards the man with monkey like ears. Even though his First Stage of Physical Training was only the beginner territory of the martial way, it was by no means worthless. After all, many people within Sky Fortune Kingdom were unable to train in martial arts. Lin Ming on the other hand was a good talent to begin with. In addition, he was very hard working. Amongst one thousand peers of the same talent, it may be difficult to find even one with the same level of strength as him. As for this man, he was simply an underling and did not take much effort for Lin Ming to deal with him. The man kept moaning, he had never imagined that Lin Ming would actually beat him. He raised a blood-stained finger and pointed at Lin Ming. "You... you dare hit me, you... you are finished." "I do not know what would happen to me, but I do know that you are finished," Lin Ming delivered a kick at the man's abdomen, causing him to cry out miserably. Once again, he flew out. Only this time, he broke through the door and ended up being kicked all the way outside the house. Lin Ming did not say anything. He returned to his room and packed up his belongings and began to leave. The entire house had been reduced to a state of mess, causing blood to drip out of the landlady's heart. She timidly said. "You... you cannot leave like that, you... must... must compensate." Lin Ming stopped walking, he turned around to face the landlady who was slumped on the floor like a human meatball. He asked. "Compensate?" "Compensate... compensate..." The landlady's voice began losing its strength. She felt as though the gaze of the young man before her was just like a window into the nine infernal abysses, causing her to shudder. Without saying anything, Lin Ming punched the walls, his fist penetrating through the brick walls of the house, causing the entire house to shudder and dust to fall off the ceiling. The landlady screamed out and fainted. Lin Ming carried his luggage and walked out of the house without even glancing at the fainted man. Lin Ming was well aware that after beating up this man, the person behind him would never let this go and would certainly bring upon Lin Ming no small amount of trouble. However, Lin Ming had no regrets. As a man, there was a need to endure. If the person who had come today was a martial artist, Lin Ming would not have acted as he did and would have chosen to endure. This loss was one that must be endured. However, the one who appeared before him was a worthless underling, one who could only depend on the backing of his master. If Lin Ming had to endure what this kind of person had to say, then what was the point of him learning martial arts? That was simply incompatible with the Martial Way within Lin Ming's heart. Thus, Lin Ming left the neighbourhood. After a while, he put down his backpack and started considering how to solve his dwelling problem. As of now, all the inns were full; in addition, the prices were also far too expensive for him. Even though he has no objections to sleeping in the wilds, Lin Xiaodong would probably throw a fuss and insist on bringing him to his own abode. If Lin Ming were to do so and the second son of the Army Lord sends his men there, Lin Xiaodong himself can forget about sleeping in his house. He will have to accompany Lin Ming and sleep on the streets. Moreover, Lin Ming had just provoked a dangerous trouble. There was no guarantee that the Army Lord's second son would not send some thugs over. In these people's eyes, causing others to become crippled was no big matter. Lin Ming did not want to bring such a kind of problem to Lin Xiaodong. If that is the case, then where could I go? After contemplating about it, Lin Ming finally thought of a place - the most luxurious dining establishment in Sky Fortune City - Grand Clarity Pavilion. The Grand Clarity Pavilion's consumer base are all of the highest class. In addition, they themselves possess a strong background. With such a strong base of power, a mere second son of an Army Lord could no nothing against it. The reason Lin Ming wanted to go to Grand Clarity Pavilion was obviously not to spend money to rent a place. He was headed there to find work. Lin Ming's parents operate a restaurant, it was a given that Lin Ming would be able to cook, the taste of his cooking was quite good as well. However, he was not conceited enough to think that he could compete with those cooks in Sky Fortune City. After all, his forte did not lie in the area of cooking... Grand Clarity Pavilion remained brightly lit even as Lin Ming arrived. It is the establishment with the best business in Sky Fortune City. Lin Ming's clothes were too ordinary, causing all who saw him entering the establishment to look at him with a strange expression. A person with such a kind of clothes would usually be unable to eat within this Grand Clarity Pavilion. Furthermore, there was also the fact that Lin Ming is only a fifteen-year-old teenager. However, the waiter maintained a favourable manner as he walked over and asked. "Little brother, are you here with your parents?" Lin Ming shook his head and replied. "I am here for a job." Hearing that, the waiter frowned. What kind of job could a mere fifteen-year-old kid do? Here, waiting requires beauties who are at least eighteen years old or handsome males who are at least twenty years old. As for cooking, what kind of cooking could a fifteen-year-old kid produce? "Go away, don't cause a disturbance here," The waiter waved his hand impatiently. "I can really work, just let me into the kitchen to try." The waiter asked in an unhappy voice. "What can you do?" Lin Ming smiled and replied. "Deboning." "What?" The waiter became stunned. Deboning is a biased line of work and not every restaurant would set up such a job. This job requires the meat dresser to cut up the quarry or hunted animals into pieces while removing its bones. A master level meat dresser could cut up a cow with ease and skill, a good meat dresser could also cut up a cow, but would require a change of knife every year. Some meat dressers even need to change their knives once a month. In addition, the efficiency involved was low and they would need half a day to cut up a cow. As for Grand Clarity Pavilion, their ingredients are not cow meat but Ferocious Beasts meat. The meat of Ferocious Beasts is delicious but their scales, skin, bones and tendons are exceptionally tough. Ordinary people would have to struggle to great lengths just to cut out a small part of it. Martial arts masters on the other hand would not be willing to lower themselves to do such a kind of job. Even if they were willing, someone who does not understand how the muscles, bone and tendons come together would not be able to do it. Using pure strength alone in the cutting up process would cause it to lose its delicious taste. Deboning was how Lin Ming had first come into contact with the Martial Way. Within his parents restaurant, he trained himself in the deboning process every day for the past ten years. It was a very tiring job! Lin Ming had never considered himself a genius in the martial way. All he could depend on was his own hard work, and continue training over and over again. That was how he managed to form his solid martial foundation, by slashing down the knife, slash after slash within the kitchen. The waiter was unable to chase Lin Ming away and could only bring him over to the kitchen... "Sister Lan, this little brother wants to apply work as a deboning worker." "Deboning worker?" Within the Grand Clarity Pavilion kitchen, a beautiful woman in her twenties wearing a gorgeous dress appraised Lin Ming. Observing the plain clothes on his body and the backpack he was carrying which made him appear like a refugee, she frowned. She then spoke in a dissatisfied manner towards the waiter who brought Lin Ming in. "What are you doing, bringing just anybody into the kitchen. Dong Zi, give him some silver and send him away." Obviously, this beautiful woman considered Lin Ming as a distressed child. As for the rebuked waiter, his face was bitter. Truthfully, he had tried to push Lin Ming out, but had discovered that Lin Ming's legs seemed to have grown roots and was immovable. A young man had moved over to drive Lin Ming away. However, at this moment, he suddenly felt his hands becoming lighter. He stared in confusion as Lin Ming had somehow taken away the boning knife that he was holding. Before the man named Dong Zi could understand what had happened, Lin Ming said. "I am not here to beg for money. Sister, it won't be too late for you to drive me away after seeing my craftsmanship." The beautiful woman was slightly surprised; it appeared that this little kid has some experience in the craft. She shot a look at Dong Zi and said. "How useless, you cannot even handle a little kid. Go to the storehouse and bring over a pig." After that, she turned to Lin Ming and said. "If you can complete it in half a long hour (1 hour), then I will allow you to stay in Grand Clarity Pavilion." Dong Zi knew that he had lost face and turned shamefully to go bring the pig over. However, Lin Ming interrupted him. "No need, I will do that one." Lin Ming said as he pointed towards a Scaled Draconic Beast. The beautiful woman became surprised. A Scaled Draconic Beast is a Level Two Ferocious Beast whose body is brimming with muscles. These muscles are extremely tough and could resist even normal sword attacks. However, using certain herbs and simmering it for three days and nights would produce a thick soup with delicious taste. For such a kind of Ferocious Beast, even a deboning master would have a difficult time cutting it up. This kid is crazy. "Are you joking? This Scaled Draconic Beast is worth over a hundred gold liangs. How do you plan to pay us if you end up ruining it?" Dong Zi spoke out in discontent. He was still unhappy at Lin Ming for taking away his knife. The beautiful woman gave Dong Zi a glance and snapped. "If I let you ruin it, do you think you have what it takes to ruin it?" Dong Zi suddenly found himself becoming speechless. The Scaled Draconic Beast is not the same as pigs, cows or sheep. Ordinary people would not be able to break its scales even with a knife. Ruining it was not something that normal people could manage to accomplish. The woman turned to face Lin Ming and said. "I will let you cut!" Lin Ming nodded his head and picked the best boning knife in the kitchen. He had only cut Scaled Draconic Beasts twice; both times were during the birthday some important figures in the Lin Family. After all, Ferocious Beasts was not something that an average person could afford to buy. Taking a deep breath, Lin Ming carefully stroked the scales of the Scaled Draconic Beast, feeling the whereabouts of its veins. This process took up the time of an incense's stick. In his mind, he formed a diagram of the veins. Comparing it with the diagram of his previous Scaled Draconic Beast, he confirmed it to be correct. While waiting, some people became impatient and finally asked. "What are you doing? Why aren't you cutting?" "Stop trying to be mysterious and just cut it." It was only natural that these people would become impatient. A fifteen-year-old teenager claiming to be able to debone a Level Two Ferocious Beast, it could only appear to be a prank to them. Lin Ming turned a deaf ear to these questions. He picked up the knife, his eyes becoming extremely focused. For him, the deboning process was the equivalent of a practice session. After having confirmed the diagram of the veins, Lin Ming finally began. He did not use an axe or a slaughtering blade; he only used the hard to wield boning knife. In the hands of Lin Ming, this ordinary knife turned into an exceptionally sharp weapon. The knife descended and the Scaled Draconic Beast's scales were cut apart! Observing this occurrence, the person who had been asking questions immediately shut his mouth. This feat alone would have required wrist strength of at least three hundred jin (181.4 kg). For them, the feat of dismembering a Scaled Draconic Beast would normally require either axes or saws. The edge of the knife moved through the gap in the veins, cutting through it smoothly as though he was cutting through paper. Everyone could only hear the sounds of "shua shua" before the Scaled Draconic Beast's white muscles were revealed. Looking at how easily Lin Ming was cutting away, the man called Dong Zi rubbed his eyes. He suspected that there was something wrong with his eyes. Is this little kid really cutting apart a Scaled Draconic Beast? Lin Ming moved gracefully. Occasionally, a few unavoidable tendons would interrupt his work. When that happened, he would use brute strength to pull it out. Thus, he ended up using about less than half a long hour to cut the Scaled Draconic Beast into pieces. Beside the pieces of meat, rows of ribs were laid down in order. These were the most valuable part of the Scaled Draconic Beast. The lengths of these ribs were all consistent, showing almost no loss during work. This scene caused everyone to become astounded. What Lin Ming had done may seem easy, but everyone here knew that the dismembering of a Scaled Draconic Beast is a huge project, requiring around five strong men to work in tandem for around half a day. However, that teenager only has a slightly reddish face after completing the task. Judging by his looks, cutting up a few more would not be a problem! As it was already night, the Grand Clarity Pavilion was no longer that busy, allowing many of its kitchen members to quietly watch the scene unfold. Then, Lin Ming placed down the knife and asked. "Can I work here now? My working hours must not exceed two long hours (4 hours) and my asking monthly salary is at five gold liangs. One more thing, you need to provide food and accommodation for me." The beautiful woman pondered this for a moment before nodding. "Deal!" Lin Ming's condition was not low; however, it was worth it. Judging by the speed Lin Ming had shown earlier, many things could be done within two long hours. Most importantly, his work was highly efficient, causing very little loss in key ingredients. Thus, Lin Ming began working for Grand Clarity Pavilion. The two long hours he spent there was not a loss because it was also a form of training for him. Punching tree trunks was a form of training in brute strength, while deboning was a form of precision training. On that very night, Lin Ming remained in the storehouse and cut apart three Level One Ferocious Beasts. After having done so, his entire body was drenched in sweat and his arms were feeling sore. He prepared to cut apart the last one before heading to his lodge to rest. For the last one, he chose another Level Two Ferocious Beast - Goldback Pangolin, this Ferocious Beast has teeth that could crush stones and could drill through a mountain as though it was tofu. Due to having consumed too much primal energies earlier, Lin Ming had to exert a great deal of strength in order to cut open the Goldback Pangolin's scaled abdomen. The reason he had chosen this Goldback Pangolin was to force himself to surpass his limits. After cutting open the scales, his work became much easier. The knife-edge slid through the gap between the muscles of the Goldback Pangolin abdomen. However, it was at this moment that Lin Ming felt the knife being blocked. It felt as though the knife had run into something hard. Bones? No, the central abdomen area should not have any bones. If that is not it, then could it be rocks? No, the Goldback Pangolin may occasionally swallow rocks, but those rocks would have been crushed to smithereens. Even if it were not crushed to smithereens, the powerful acid within its stomach would erode it. Such a big rock could not possibly continue to exist inside, could it be... Inner Core? Thinking of this possibility, Lin Ming became excited. An Inner Core from a Level Two Ferocious Beast is a valuable item. Even if he does not sell it, he could consume it, bringing a considerable amount of benefit to his body. Lin Ming slipped on a pair of gloves and carefully retrieved the hard item while avoiding the stomach acid. Looking at it, Lin Ming became disappointed. It was a square shaped object, which meant that it was not an Inner Core, because Inner Cores are all spherical in shape. It really does look like a stone, but there is something peculiar about this stone... The grey coloured cube seemed to have been neatly cut, with precise corners. In addition, the six surface areas of the cube were engraved with black coloured inscriptions, giving it a mysterious aura. Metal? Lin Ming carefully observed it. It did not seem to be metal, nor does it appear to be stone. Perhaps it is a form of jade?
Lin Ming washed the stone with some water from the river. After hesitating for a bit, he raised an axe placed on the ground and used its blunt end to lightly strike down on the cube shaped stone. The stone remained intact without a single scratch on it. This was to be expected. The fact that this stone was able to remain intact after being swallowed by a Goldback Pangolin was proof of its incredible durability. Lin Ming gradually increased the strength behind his strikes. Eventually, he struck down with all his might resulting in a dent being formed on the axe and the hammering anvil. However, not a single deformity appeared on the cube. The hell!? Lin Ming was stunned. He had expected the stone to be tough, but he could never have expected it to be this tough. How was this item created? Lin Ming could not come up with an answer. This stone and its shape is too peculiar. Perhaps some refining master created this stone using some highly durable materials. Considering such a possibility, Lin Ming decided to pocket the cube. Even if he could not figure out what it is, he could still use it as a form of decoration. After tidying up the tools, Lin Ming headed towards the room that Grand Clarity Pavilion had prepared for him and proceeded to rest. After practicing his punches, he had engaged in deboning for four hours. Lin Ming was currently feeling quite tired. After meditating and adjusting his breath for a while, Lin Ming slumped on the bed without taking off his clothes and fell asleep. The bed that Grand Clarity Pavilion had prepared for its staff was very comfortable. In addition, the second son of the Army Lord could not create any problems for him here. Having reached this conclusion, Lin Ming was able to sleep soundly. In his sleep, he had a strange dream. He dreamt of a resplendent palace made of jade. Each pavilion was made of jade, its level of artisanship staggeringly high. Wearing elegant dresses, a group of beautiful and seemingly good-natured beauties shuttled around the palace. Auspicious looking animals roamed the skies, creating the imagery of a world of immortals. Lin Ming had never seen such a beautiful palace, not even in paintings. At this moment, the scenery suddenly transformed and the resplendent palace collapsed. Countless figures had appeared in the skies above. From amongst the countless figures, streams of light shot out. The streams of light were beautiful to behold; however, when it descended upon the lands, it caused the lands and mountains to be decimated! The lands were split apart while the skies were covered with demonic flames. A huge spell array covering a surface area of hundreds of li (0.5 km) appeared out of thin air and multitudinous number of mysterious symbols covered the entire sky. A war on this scale was something that Lin Ming could never have imagined! Masters! These are masters of an unimaginable realm of strength! This level of strength is something that those at the Physical Training Stage and Primal Assemblage Stage could not hope to compete against! Everyone within this imagery are beings that Lin Ming would never have any chance of even glimpsing upon. However, how is it that so many God-like beings would appear here? After that, the scene changed and turned into a world of snow and ice. A frightened looking woman held onto a one cubic inch cube, facing off against ten thousand figures standing on the skies. This woman was actually standing just less than three feet from Lin Ming. Even though he understood that this was all an illusion, Lin Ming was able to feel an extremely powerful yet gentle and holy aura radiating from the woman's body! What surprised Lin Ming most was that the cube that the woman was holding was the stone that Lin Ming had found within the Goldback Pangolin's abdomen! The woman spoke out a series of words, but the words spoken were vague. Lin Ming could only make out two words - Magic Cube! Magic Cube? For some unknown reason, once he heard those words, Lin Ming's mind thought of the stone. Could it be that the stone's name is Magic Cube? "Hong!" An explosion! The space itself was rent apart, the skies were twisted into a raging whirlpool with seemingly infinite power, sweeping up all of the heavens and earth. Everywhere it reached, mountains would collapse and skies would crumble. The icy glacier was instantly transformed into nothingness and the ten thousand figures were reduced into dust. Their souls were fragmented and absorbed into the cube! As for Lin Ming, he found himself standing in the middle of the whirlpool, witnessing with his own eyes as everything were absorbed into the whirlpool. Everything around him was reduced to ashes while he himself remained unaffected. This feeling was simply indescribable and would likely be an unforgettable experience for Lin Ming! Lin Ming felt himself drenched in cold sweat. At this moment, he suddenly found that he had arrived at an incredibly large and dark space. Here, various specks of light hovered in suspension, resembling pieces of broken mirror. The various specks were of varying sizes, some big and some small. The bigger ones were as big as a palm, while the smaller ones were only as big as a grain of rice. In the middle of all those specks of light, there was a sphere of light, which emitted a soft glow, a gentle and sacred glow. Inexplicably, Lin Ming felt that the atmosphere around this sphere of light was very similar to that of the woman he had seen earlier. No, it was exactly the same! Could it be that this sphere of light is the form left by that woman? Lin Ming recalled that the woman had turned into a stream of white light and was absorbed into the Magic Cube right after the explosion happened... A stream of white light... could it have transformed into this sphere of light? If that were the case, then this would be the space within the Magic Cube. That would mean that these specks of light... Lin Ming gasped. Could it be that these specks of light were all the fragments of the countless figures that were absorbed by the Magic Cube after they have been crushed by that spatial storm? Lin Ming was immensely shocked! As of now, he clearly understood that the vivid scene he had just seen were true. Although he had told himself that he was simply dreaming, he was unable to believe that it was just a dream. Everything he had seen in this dream was too realistic and the image of the spatial whirlpool fragmenting the world was deeply engraved into Lin Ming's mind. As a mere ignorant teenager who had yet to achieve the Pulse Condensation Stage, how could he have a dream that involved such a great level of power? Then, all those visions were true? This one stone cube had actually swallowed countless masters whose strength was at a level where he would have no chance of ever laying eyes upon? Lin Ming could not imagine which kingdom could possess such a high number of masters whose strength could suffocate him to such an extent. He focused his eyes and peered into the dark space that was littered with countless specks of light. After hesitating for a long period of time, he extended his hand and gently touched a speck of light which was both the smallest and closest to him. Upon contact, the speck of light instantly flowed into Lin Ming's fingertip. Lin Ming had no time to respond at all, as his head felt as though a heavy hammer had suddenly struck down on it viciously. He let out a cry and fell to the ground. "Aaah!" Lin Ming tightly gripped his head; he felt as though there was something desperately invading his mind. The piercing pain caused Lin Ming to wish he could crack open his skull and remove whatever was causing the pain! He could not resist! Lin Ming felt as though he was about to be swallowed up! Swallowed? That is it! This must be the soul fragment's instinctive nature; it is trying to devour my sea of consciousness! "Damn you!" Realizing this fact, Lin Ming briefly panicked but immediately calmed himself. The thing threatening him was only a small fragment of a soul. In addition, its master had already perished. How could he lose to a minor consciousness that has no master? Lin Ming suddenly shouted out, clenching his fists, his nails digging deep into his flesh and blood: Preserve my heart and mind! My heart that beats for the Martial Way! I have sworn to pursue the extremities of the Martial Way, how could I allow my road to end here? Lin Ming had no clue on how to get rid of that fragmented consciousness that had no owner. All he could do was grit his teeth and hold on with everything he had. Various disorderly images flowed into his sea of consciousness, causing him to undergo an inhuman amount of pain, threatening to render him unconscious. However, he kept gritting his teeth, maintaining his hold onto the vestiges of his consciousness and holding on to his unwavering Martial heart! After who knew how long, this inhuman torture slowly faded. At last, Lin Ming woke up from his dream. He opened his eyes to see that it was already dawn and that he was drenched in cold sweat; his bed sheets were soaked and his palms were dripping with blood from being gripped too tightly! Observing all this, Lin Ming was a hundred per cent certain that what had happened was no dream. No nightmare could produce such a kind of effect. He calmly contemplated and could not help but feel scared. A person's soul consists of two parts: an imprinted consciousness and memories. Once the imprinted consciousness is erased, the soul would become ownerless. An ownerless soul could only act on instinct. Back then, the soul he had touched was only at half the size of a rice grain, its light dim. And yet, he had nearly been swallowed up by it, how horrifying! If he had touched an even bigger speck, it was likely that he would have turned into a basket case by now! The cube is too dangerous! As Lin Ming was contemplating about the matter, his face suddenly changed: Eh... my sea of consciousness... There are a lot more things inside! Arrays... inscriptions... engravings... various bizarre symbols, mysterious characters, plain looking and powerful weapon techniques... What is all this? Could this be the memories carried by the ownerless soul? This thought cause Lin Ming to become startled. He was vaguely aware that this set of memories could prove to be an unimaginable mountain of wealth... Although it had entered Lin Ming's sea of consciousness, the memories were complex. They were not something that Lin Ming could recall as and how he liked. Those memories needed to be further consolidated and integrated. While doing so, Lin Ming ignored the memories regarding arrays and inscriptions. These memories were a little fragmented and disorderly. The memories appeared to be about a profession that engraves inscriptions onto weapons. Lin Ming held no interest towards this profession. There was something else that he needed, something he desired for. He kept searching through his sea of consciousness and finally held his breath as he found it: Physical Training Stage Formula - Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians! A Legacy skill!
Sky Fortune Martial House has only eighty years of history. The Seven Profound Martial House on the other hand was founded by the third-grade sect, the Seven Profound Valleys. They possessed six hundred years' worth of heritage and numerous Legacy skills! Those who practice the Legacy skills from Sky Fortune Martial House have little hope of achieving Pulse Condensation Stage. However, the same cannot be said about the Seven Profound Martial House's Legacy skills. As long as one has a Grade Four Martial Talent, breaking through into the Pulse Condensation Stage using Seven Profound Martial House's manuals is not difficult at all! As for Lin Ming, he has not even a decent training manual. All he had was a 'Beginners' Martial Arts' manual. Every day, he would train by punching tree trunks and debone animals. This was Lin Ming's martial way! For the past few years, the only thing he could depend on was himself. He explored the aspects of martial arts himself through hard work and carved his way, step by step, until he reached the First Stage of Physical Training! For him, legacies were an important existence! Lin Ming was incomparably excited and he voraciously sorted out the knowledge regarding this Legacy skill. Not long after, this 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' surprised him yet again! 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' is a pinnacle level Physical Training Manual from the Divine Domain. However, even though it is of the pinnacle level, it is only about Physical Training and thus was not that valuable within the Divine Domain. The reason Lin Ming became surprised was because he had finally understood what the Divine Domain is. The Divine Domain is a higher realm that possesses hundreds of millions of years' worth of Legacies. Physical training, martial arts, swordsmanship techniques, technical skills, arrays, all of it have been developed and honed to the extreme. It is a world reserved for the strongest of the Martial Way! Their abilities and might are not something that the current Lin Ming could hope to imagine! Thus, this 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' is simply invaluable! Additionally, there are even more soul fragments stored within the Magic Cube. Once his strength had reached the sufficient level, he would be able to incorporate even more of them! Considering all of this, Lin Ming's heart was incredibly excited. Presently, what Lin Ming fear most would be for the skill manual to be incomplete. After all the soul fragment that he had absorbed was only a small speck. It would be an absolute pity if that was the case. Thankfully, as he continued incorporating the 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians', he saw that it was intact. Everything from Strength Training, Flesh Training, Viscera Training, Altering Muscle, Bone Forging and Pulse Condensation were there. This fact was surprising enough for Lin Ming. In Sky Spill Continent, Physical Training Manuals were generally for one stage only. For example, the 'Genuine Altering Muscle Channels' manual is specifically meant for the Altering Muscle Stage, the 'Golden Bone Forging Divine Formula' manual for Bone Forging Stage, the 'Divine Nine Pulse Skill' manual for the Pulse Condensation Stage and so on. However, this 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' is capable of propelling one from the Strength Training Stage to the Pulse Condensation Stage. But what Lin Ming found after this shocked him even more. Within Sky Spill Continent, Pulse Condensation marks the end of the Physical Training Stage. After which, one will step upon the Primal Assemblage Stage. The Primal Assemblage Stage is divided into Post-Celestial Stage and Pre-Celestial Stage. For most people, Pulse Condensation is a bottleneck, which they could not break through. These people would be forever stuck in the Bone Forging Stage. Pulse Condensation is the limit for the veins within the human body. That is a commonly accepted knowledge. However, according to the 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians', there exists another stage beyond Pulse Condensation – Tempering Marrow! Above the Tempering Marrow Stage, there are actually others! Eight Hidden Inner Gates! Using the Eight Trigrams to correspond with the movement of the Nine Celestial Bodies, one could open up eight gates within their bodies. Then, Nine Stars of the Dao Palace! With it, one could break through the limits of the body and reach an even higher level of strength! Regardless of Tempering Marrow or the Eight Gates, neither one of them would affect a martial artist when entering the Post-Celestial or Pre-Celestial Stage. This gives one a far higher degree of martial achievement compared to others. The benefits are self-evident! Realizing this, Lin Ming was rendered speechless from shock. This 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' is a timeless treasure! Lin Ming was fervently excited to start practicing. However, before he began, he checked his pocket within his bosom for the Magic Cube. To his surprise, the cube had disappeared! Lin Ming became fearful and cold sweat started coming out of him. His hand probed around and felt something strange on his chest. He took off his clothes and found a strange symbol on the skin of his left chest. The symbol is exactly the same as the mysterious symbol of the surface of the Magic Cube. The Magic Cube entered my body? Lin Ming recalled that the holy woman had summoned out the Magic Cube from her palm. It was no wonder that she could do that. However, Lin Ming had no clue as to how to summon it. Lin Ming tried to summon the Magic Cube, but to no avail. Lin Ming felt somewhat disappointed. After all, there were so many soul fragments within the Magic Cube. Back then, he had only touched the smallest and dimmest of fragment and had such a great harvest. If he could incorporate more of those soul fragments, then the amount of treasure that he could unlock would be simply unimaginable. Thinking about that, Lin Ming suddenly gave a self-deprecating smile. He was being ignorant. If the smallest ownerless soul fragment had nearly swallowed his consciousness, then the bigger ones would likely be able to instantly exterminate him! Stop dreaming, Lin Ming! It appeared that the secrets of the Magic Cube and the knowledge within the soul fragments would have to be left for when his cultivation had reached an even higher level. What he needed to do right now was to practice the 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' as soon as possible. Lin Ming stopped trying to summon the Magic Cube and began to explore the Legacy skill from the Divine Domain. The essence of 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' is to transform the body into a divine weapon with amazing strength. Additionally, the 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' also emphasizes on techniques that utilizes strength. Its first layer of Strength Training is already far different from the norm. Normally, once a person is capable of a force of a thousand jin (604 kg), that person would have achieved minor comprehension and could smash an Iron Tree with a punch. The Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians however, requires not only the training of strength, but also the training of precision, the control over the amount of strength used. Once major comprehension is achieved, one would be able to use their palm to turn a tree trunk into fine fibres! Reading this part gave birth to a great sense of longing within Lin Ming. There was no doubt that training this 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' would make him far stronger than the average master! Three days later. At the foot of Great Mountain Zhou, with the full moon suspended in the skies, Lin Ming stood upon a plain of grass with his eyes closed. He breathed following a specific rhythm, standing there for who knew how long. His entire being was still like a sculpture, illuminated by the moonlight. He was practising the 'True Primal Chaos Formula', a special method of circulating true primal energies derived from the 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' manual. This formula is much better at utilizing the true primal energies to temper the body and forge the bones. Once major comprehension of this formula is attained, the resulting strength and durability would be greatly improved to a level surpassing those of the same realm! Under the night's blowing winds, numerous fine grasses came together to form undulating waves which danced about. Lin Ming's breathing seemed to be in accordance with these undulating waves, as though he had become one with the surrounding environment. A drop of dew rolled upon a leaf just above Lin Ming's head. Condensing quietly, it eventually dropped down. Lin Ming who was originally motionless suddenly opened his eyes. He stretched out his right hand, allowing the drop of dew to fall upon his fingertip. The drop of dew rolled down the finger onto his palms. Grasping the drop of dew, Lin Ming's right hand suddenly formed a fist, his shoulder and thigh moved to position, and he threw out a punch. "Boom!" With a muffled bang, the thick tree trunk before Lin Ming was shaken, traces of a fist appearing amidst the swirling tree dust! Lin Ming exhaled and let go of his fist, allowing the drop of dew to drop down. With a "pa da" sound, it fell upon the grass and was scattered. A smile emerged on Lin Ming's face. When 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' reaches a state of perfection, then the drop of dew would have shot out together without being splintered . Although his current state of comprehension has yet to reach that far, he had still made some success. In addition, the earlier punch had left a fist mark of roughly half a foot in depth upon the Iron Tree. Three days ago, his punch could at best only leave half an inch. His current achievement was all due to the 'True Primal Chaos Formula'. In these three days, Lin Ming had been practicing this 'True Primal Chaos Formula' non-stop and had finally succeeded in reaching the beginning stage. Truthfully, Lin Ming was only able to train so well thanks to the memories of the senior. The senior's experience and comprehension had greatly benefited Lin Ming's training. Even the circulating method of the skill had been deeply ingrained into the senior's soul. All Lin Ming needed to do was use his body to recollect them. Due to how crazy his training schedule was, Lin Ming's consumption rate of medicinal herbs was also much faster. He had used up three slices of the Blood Ginseng. At this rate, the Blood Ginseng would be used up within less than half a month's time. He now has the solution to training manuals, but still faced the problem of insufficient medicinal herbs... Thus, two days went by and Lin Ming's strength kept growing. The current Lin Ming was able to debone Level One Ferocious Beasts effortlessly. For him, even dismembering five Level Two Ferocious Beasts was considered easy. One morning, Lin Xiaodong came to the Grand Clarity Pavilion to find Lin Ming. Lin Ming had earlier informed Lin Xiaodong that he was working in the Grand Clarity Pavilion, although he omitted telling him the reason behind it. "The Annual Martial Arts Fair?" Lin Ming felt shocked, hearing Lin Xiaodong's proposal to go there. "That is right, many martial arts masters and nobles will be there. As for the items that will appear there, there are no rare items, only extremely rare items!" Lin Ming shrugged and replied. "How could we afford those items? As of now, I only have less than twenty gold liangs on me." "So what if we cannot buy it? We can just go look around. Just take this as an act of gaining experience. Besides, we will be entering the martial house soon. We must at least buy a good weapon before that. Even if I cannot afford the high grade weapons, I should be able to get our hands on some middle grade weapons." Not wanting to disappoint Lin Xiaodong, Lin Ming chose to go out with him. After all, it would be a beneficial experience. As they were headed there, Lin Xiaodong kept talking non-stop about the fair. He was very familiar with the details of the fair, its distance from the Seven Profound Martial House, the areas that are considered sub urban and so on. As they were walking down an alley way, Lin Ming suddenly stopped and placed his hand on Lin Xiaodong's shoulders. "What is wrong, Brother Ming?" Lin Xiaodong asked. "Someone is blocking the way," Lin Ming touched his waist where his boning knife was strapped onto. Thanks to his training of the 'True Primal Chaos Formula', Lin Ming's perception abilities have greatly increased. He could guess who it was.  A few days ago, he had beaten the man with monkey like ears. Now, the man's master has decided to show himself. This moment was something that Lin Ming had been preparing for.
Just as Lin Ming stopped moving, a slightly sharp voice sounded out in the alley. "Hehe, how unexpected, you have quite a high level of vigilance. You are called Lin Ming, right?" A teenager wearing silk clothing slowly walked out from the back of a residence, a contemptuous smile was etched on his face. Behind him, five eighteen-year-old teenagers followed. Most of them were all at the First Stage of Physical Training, only one of them was at the Second Stage. As for the teenager with silk clothing, he too was at the Second Stage of Physical Training. Observing this situation, Lin Xiaodong suddenly panicked. He had recognized this teenager in silk clothing. He was the one beside Zhu Yan during the Seven Profound Martial House registration incident. Anyone could tell that this bastard was here to cause trouble. They have a total of six people, two at the Second Stage of Physical Training and four at the First Stage of Physical Training. As for him and Lin Ming, they were both only at the First Stage of Physical Training. If things were to escalate into a fight, then they would certainly ended up being abused. The teenager in silk clothing must be a young master from one of Sky Fortune City's great families. These people possess both authority and power. While they were not the type to kill indiscriminately, they were certainly capable of crippling others on a regular basis. "What are you people trying to do?" Lin Xiaodong shouted out, traces of anger evident within his words. "You will have to ask him," the teenager in silk clothing pointed towards Lin Ming. "You are quite the impressive one, to beat up my underling until he was bleeding all over; two of his ribs were broken." For these young masters of great families, the lives of their underlings were of no consequence. However, their reputation was another matter. Moreover, the underling had reported that he had already spoken out the teenager in silk clothing's name, but ended up being beaten all the same. This was what caused the teenager in silk clothing to become enraged. "You are quite the capable one, to claim to one day trample upon me, Wang Yigao! Today, I would like to witness with my own eyes how you plan to do just that!" The teenager in silk clothing said, his face turning savage. Lin Ming had never heard of the name Wang Yigao before, nor have he ever said anything about trampling on him. The underling most likely fabricated this in order to provoke Wang Yigao. However, Lin Ming did not feel like explaining himself. No matter what he says, this was bound to end in a fight. The 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' is indeed powerful, however, Lin Ming had only started practicing it for a few days. It would be simply too much to fight off so many people at the same time, especially when two of them are at the Second Stage of Physical Training. Not to mention, if Lin Xiaodong were to be taken hostage, then he would be in trouble all the same. Considering the bigger picture, winning here would also bring him trouble. Once matters escalated and he was forced to beat up Wang Yigao, then the next source of trouble would come from Wang Yigao's father. This person is the Army Lord of Sky Fortune City. Lin Ming highly doubt that such a kind of individual would be interested in sitting down and engaging in a civilized discussion with him. For the current Lin Ming, this sort of person is an existence he could not afford to provoke. What a pain in the rear... Lin Ming pondered. Suddenly, a spark lighted up within his mind, he had thought of a way to resolve this problem. Facing Wang Yigao, he spoke. "Then, what do you want to do?" "What do I want to do?" Wang Yigao was slightly stunned and instantly laughed out. "You actually asked me what do I want to do?" The rogues he brought with him all laughed out in unison. In their eyes, Lin Ming was no different from an idiot. For him to be asking them what they wanted to do now was certainly the height of idiocy. After laughing for a good while, Wang Yigao finally stopped and said. "I really am uncertain as to whether I should call you an idiotic pig or a pig like idiot. However, since you came forth with the question, then this Young Master will give you a chance. Don't you go around saying that this Young Master is being ruthless. Just get down on your knees and lick my soles clean. After that, break off one of your arm tendons and one leg tendon. If you do that, I will forget about it." Hearing Wang Yigao's conditions, Lin Xiaodong became infuriated. "Damn it! Brother Ming, there is no need for us to talk nonsense with them. Let us fight them to the bitter end. Our Green Mulberry City's Lin Family is no pushover; let us see if they actually dare do anything!" Lin Xiaodong knew that they would have to suffer miserably today. All he could do was bring out his family name and hope that the other side would show some fear. Some physical pain was not a problem, but if they ended up being crippled, that would be a huge blow to a martial artist. They may never be able to recover their original body state even with the help of rare herbs. "Green Mulberry City's Lin Family? Heng, did you think I would be afraid of your Lin Family? Lin Ming, are you going to do it yourself, or do you want me to do it for you?" "I dare you! Come, did you think this Young Master is afraid of you!" Lin Xiaodong stepped forward, one hand firmly gripping onto his sword hilt. Truth be told, he was currently feeling extremely flustered. However, he just happened to be the type who would rather die than lose face! Lin Ming pulled Lin Xiaodong back and spoke to Wang Yigao. "So, what you wanted were those things you said earlier? Very well, as long as you can beat me in a martial arts duel, I will accept your conditions." "Brother Ming, you..." Lin Xiaodong became anxious. Even though he believe that Lin Ming would become a highly accomplished person in the future, the current Lin Ming is only at the First Stage of Physical Training. How could he defeat Wang Yigao who is at the Second Stage of Physical Training? Lin Xiaodong feared that Lin Ming would end up with broken tendons after he loses. Lin Ming said. "Do not worry, I know what I am doing." "A martial arts duel? You think you are qualified to duel with me?" Wang Yigao had never expected Lin Ming to suggest something like this. Within Sky Fortune Kingdom, government officials would not intervene in the fight between martial artists because they simply lack the capacity to do so. Thus, the conflicts between martial artists would end up being settled in a martial arts duel. As long as both sides agree, they would place down the terms of victory and defeat. After the duel, the conflict would be settled between both parties and neither one of them would pursue the other anymore. After all, credibility was something important to martial artists. Considering Wang Yigao's level of strength, which was one stage above Lin Ming, he did not believe that he would lose. He simply felt that the act of engaging in a martial arts duel with Lin Ming was inappropriate. Lin Ming replied. "There is no such thing as qualified or not. There is only the question of whether you dare or not." "Are you trying to say that I do not dare? That has to be the funniest thing I have heard this year. Very well, since you are going to be so reckless, then I will satisfy you!" Lin Ming said. "Very well, let us proceed to the square." The alley they were at was too remote, with no one to bear witness. Lin Ming feared that Wang Yigao would go back on his words. However, if they were to duel before the many people of Sky Fortune City, even a thick faced Wang Yigao would have no way of denying the results. Unless, he no longer wants to live in Sky Fortune City. A duel between martial artists is always a remarkable sight and the square would never be lacking in observers. In just moments, many people have started gathering there; even some martial artists were mixed in amongst the observers. Seeing the two contestants, the crowd started talking. "Isn't that Army Lord Wang's son?" "Indeed, this bastard is about to start bullying others again. I wonder which family's child it is, to be so unlucky." "A First Stage in Physical Training going up against a Second Stage in Physical Training. That child is obviously going to lose." "It seems that this child is just a commoner. For a commoner to be able to attain First Stage in Physical Training is quite the accomplishment. A pity! It appears that he is going to become crippled..." Wang Yigao's reputation within Sky Fortune City was not good and most of the people held sympathy for those who are weaker. In their eyes, compassion towards Lin Ming could be seen. The more people came, the more unhappy Wang Yigao felt. After all, a Physical Training Second Stager beating a First Stager was nothing to be proud of. In addition, there was the fact that his opponent's identity was far below him. Thus, Wang Yigao did not want this scene to be witnessed by many! Wang Yigao said impatiently. "What are you waiting for? Let us duel. After that, go break your own tendons. I will let you understand the gap between us." Seeing the high number of people gathering around, Lin Ming faced Wang Yigao and replied. "Naturally, we will start the duel. However, if I lose, I would be at your mercy. Then, what happens if I win?" Win? This bastard thinks he can win?
Wang Yigao felt that this person before him must have some mental issues. While it is not impossible for one to defeat an opponent who is at a higher level of cultivation, that requires genius talent and pinnacle martial arts taught by masters. Lin Ming is a poor young man, for him to attain his current state of strength was already a great accomplishment. But considering his mediocre talent, he actually thought he could win? Could it be that he did not get enough sleep yesterday? Is he sleepwalking right now? Wang Yigao asked with a smirk. "What do you want?" "If I win, I want two hundred-year-old Blood Ginseng, and five hundred gold liangs." Two hundred-year-old Blood Ginseng, and five hundred gold liangs! The people around were all rendered speechless: This child is quite the high maintenance type! Two hundred-year-old Blood Ginseng would require up to three hundred gold liangs. All of it would sum up to a whopping eight hundred gold liangs! This is no small number; however, one needs to be alive in order to take it. "Eight hundred gold liangs?" Wang Yigao coldly snorted. "You think you qualify? You think your arms and legs are worth that much?" Within Sky Fortune Kingdom, the lives of nobles and commoners are not equal. Even if Wang Yigao were to kill someone, he would only end up being confined as punishment. After that, all he had to do was pay a compensation of two hundred gold liangs. Lin Ming slowly replied. "For martial artists, their arms and legs are priceless. If you are unwilling, then I understand. All you need to do is break off your own tendons." "Screw you! You are asking for death!" Wang Yigao furiously roared out, pulling the long sword on his waist. Lin Ming's face remained expressionless as he spoke. "You have yet to answer my question." "Heng! A mere eight hundred gold liangs? I can give you a thousand gold liangs! However, do you think you can live to take it? This senior will cripple you. If you can still preserve your life after three moves, this senior will have my name read upside down! Wang Yigao had become agitated, to Lin Ming's delight: More money for the taking. "Very well, a thousand gold liangs it is!" He had only finished speaking those words when Wang Yigao's sword slash descended upon him. A faint trace of golden light radiated from the sword, and a piercing sound resounded for dozens of metres. A martial technique! Martial techniques involve the use of primal energies to kill the enemy. When Wang Yigao claimed that he would kill off Lin Ming within three moves, he was not just being carried away by his emotions. Rather, he had confidence in his abilities, in his martial technique! The opportunity to learn these techniques is something that only the young masters of great families or disciples of martial houses could have. Once the martial technique is employed, those who do not possess martial techniques would find it difficult to endure. This was especially true considering the difference in martial cultivation between Wang Yigao and Lin Ming. Wang Yigao had absolute confidence in winning with just one move. The reason he had said he would kill Lin Ming within three moves was simply him preparing a backup in cases of 'what if's. Wang Yigao was correct in his assumption that Lin Ming had not learnt any martial techniques. Lin Ming could only resort to common moves to deal with Wang Yigao's attack. When the surrounding people saw this scene, they all felt that the outcome had been determined. As for Lin Xiaodong, his heart became nervous. How could Lin Ming block off this sword attack? Lin Ming's attention was focused upon Wang Yigao's incoming sword slash. Since practicing the 'True Primal Chaos Formula' from the 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians', his perception had increased by several folds. In Lin Ming's eyes, Wang Yigao was a wild beast lunging towards him! For the past few days, Lin Ming had been dismembering countless number of wild beasts. Even though the beasts were already dead, dismembering them still required him identifying the gap between the bones. Whenever his knife descended, it would be quick, accurate and vicious! At the moment when Wang Yigao's sword descended, Lin Ming's knife shot out. There were no calculations or considerations within his move; it was based purely on instinct. The knife went through the loophole within Wang Yigao's move, slashing upwards with a slight tilt. Equipped with a dazzling sword, going against an extraordinarily common knife, yet the results was something that no one could have expected. Lin Ming leaned to the side and dodged Wang Yigao's sword slash. The knife in his hands however, had incredibly stabbed into Wang Yigao's ribs! "Ping!" After suffering from a stab of the knife, Wang Yigao exclaimed, his body collapsing and tumbling down onto the ground. What is going on? The surrounding onlookers were unable to understand what had just happened and were stunned. Presently, a one-foot long hole had appeared on Wang Yigao's clothing, from his chest to his ribs. However, no blood was issued out. Instead, something silver shined through the hole. "Flexible armour?" Lin Ming secretly lamented. It turned out that Wang Yigao was wearing a flexible armour under his clothing. If not for the armour, that blow earlier would have dealt a heavy blow towards Wang Yigao's fighting potential. "You!" Wang Yigao was both shocked and furious, his eyes turning blood shot. He had actually been hit! He was hit by someone whose martial cultivation level was one stage lower than him! In front of countless onlookers! For the prideful Wang Yigao, this was an unacceptable matter. "I want you to die!" Logically speaking, that strike earlier signified that Wang Yigao had lost. But, how could the enraged Wang Yigao admit his defeat? Wielding his sword, he once again aimed a slash at Lin Ming! Another martial technique was launched! As for Lin Ming, he was just like an experienced hunter, catching onto every weakness shown by a wild beast! "Ping!" The scene from earlier replayed itself. This time, a slash tore open a hole on the right side of Wang Yigao's clothing, turning it into a waistcoat. The surrounding onlookers were all stunned. They stared in disbelief at the outcome of the battle. How could this have happened? As the saying goes, 'one inch longer is one inch stronger'. Wang Yigao's sword has a far longer reach than Lin Ming's boning knife. In addition, Wang Yigao possesses martial arts techniques and has a higher level of martial cultivation. But, in this fight, he ended up being stabbed twice with a seemingly ordinary move. "That child, both his body speed and his knife speed is faster than Wang Yigao!" A martial artist who was observing the duel commented. A Physical Training First Stager beating a Second Stager in terms of speed was an unusual occurrence! Lin Ming's speed was indeed faster than Wang Yigao. In fact, the disparity in speed was quite considerable. This was the results of practicing 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians'! Before practicing it, Lin Ming's knife wielding skill was already extremely accurate and insightful. However, his speed and strength was unable to complement it. It would only be natural for him to be unable to defeat Wang Yigao who was at the Second Stage of Physical Training. But, with the existence of 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians', the situation was now completely different! "Aah!" Mad with fury, Wang Yigao tore off his outer clothing, revealing a silver looking flexible armour. He had lost to a Physical Training First Stager brat. If he were unable to exact vengeance, then he would have no face to remain in Sky Fortune City. "I will slaughter you!" Wang Yigao desperately poured out the primal energies within his body, causing his sword to emit an even brighter radiance than before. He slashed down onto Lin Ming's head. If this strike were to connect, Lin Ming would certainly end up dying. At this moment, Lin Ming made a move that surprised everyone. He threw away his knife and faced his opponent bare handed! All the onlookers were unable to comprehend this move from Lin Ming. This slash from Wang Yigao was obviously the final blow, backed with every last drop of energy. So, why is this teenager throwing away his weapon at the most critical moment? Surely, the knife is stronger than a fist? In times of crisis, he could even use it to parry the opponents sword.
The strongest attacking method within the 'Chaotic Virtues Combat Meridians' that Lin Ming practiced was not a sword attack, but a fist attack! At present, the force behind Lin Ming's strongest punch could leave a half-foot-deep indentation on an Iron Tree trunk. The durability of the Iron Tree was in no way inferior to steel. If the object being punched were stone, it would have been easily smashed to pieces! Lin Ming kept his gaze onto Wang Yigao, his eyes locking onto Wang Yigao's chest. Moving to the side, he threw out a punch! "Peng!" With a muffled sound, Wang Yigao spat blood out of his mouth and flew out. Even with the protection of the flexible armour, even with a martial cultivation of Second Stage of Physical Training, even with the training to toughen his flesh to an incredible degree, he was still unable to endure this superb punch from Lin Ming. Observing Wang Yigao falling onto the ground like a dead pig, the surrounding onlookers were left speechless. Wang Yigao had threatened to defeat Lin Ming in three moves, but the result was the complete opposite. Lin Ming instead defeated Wang Yigao in three moves! Within the exchange of three moves, each one had ended with Lin Ming being victorious. If not for the flexible armour, Wang Yigao would have lost early on. How was this a fight between a Physical Training First Stager and a Second Stager? This seemed to be the complete opposite! "Senior Liu, what is your opinion regarding this incident?" In the midst of the duel, an elderly man appeared amongst the onlookers. In his younger days, this elder had once attained the Fifth Stage of Physical Training, Bone Forging Stage. He was only one-step away from reaching the Pulse Condensation Stage; however, he had ultimately failed to break through. A Bone Forging Stage martial artist has the same amount of lifespan as the common people. Naturally, their bodies could not withstand the ravages of time.  Now that this Senior Liu's age had exceeded seventy, he no longer has any fighting strength. But, his perceptive eyes remained. The elderly man pondered for a moment before replying. "That child is gifted with innate divine strength!" The grade of a martial artist, be it Grade One Martial Talent or Grade Two is simply the measure of the speed and ease with which their body could absorb primal energies. The faster they could absorb primal energies, the higher their martial talent would be. However, the martial artist's body strength is not included in the measurement for martial talent. That is because most people have the equivalent amount of strength. Occasionally though, some people would be born with innate divine strength. Some are born with ten times the strength of the normal people, and others more! With great strength comes great speed. Naturally, they would have an advantage in battles. Yet, the number of these martial artists is small. In addition, not many of them are successful. After all, as martial cultivation progresses, the primal energies become more important and the effect that one's innate strength has becomes correspondingly smaller. "So that is how it is..." The surrounding observers nodded their heads. This explanation was very reasonable. Lin Ming picked up his knife and walked step by step towards Wang Yigao. The current Wang Yigao was in a miserable state. His clothes had turned into strips of fabrics, blood spilled from his mouth and his face was covered with dirt. Wang Yigao wanted nothing more than to kill himself. He had completely lost his face in today's incident. He would likely become the laughing stock amongst his peers within Sky Fortune City. Lin Ming spoke up. "You are the one who said it earlier, one thousand gold liangs, cough it out." Shit! Hearing those words, Wang Yigao nearly spat out another mouthful of blood. Oh, what a son of a bitch I am! Did I really have nothing better to do? Why did I have to turn eight hundred to one thousand? Even though Wang Yigao is a child of a great family, taking out one thousand gold liangs is no small matter! Today's incident was certainly the most miserable and unforgettable one in his entire life. With so many people bearing witness, Wang Yigao was unable to go back on his words. Additionally, since it was the terms of a duel, he could not even think about exacting vengeance or risk being ridiculed by all. Unless, unless it was done in utmost secrecy. "Money, bring out the money!" Wang Yigao shouted at his men! Today, he would have to admit his loss. But, this was not the end, he swore that he would hack Lin Ming to pieces! The group of men were all shocked senseless by Lin Ming's performance. Even if all of them were to gang up on Lin Ming, there was no guarantee that they could win! Is he really just a Physical Training First Stager? "Xiaodong, collect the money," Lin Ming said. One thousand gold liangs was no small sum. Even though Wang Yigao is rich, he would not have brought so much money with him. Thus, he could only pool them up through his men. From the moment Wang Yigao vomited blood, Lin Xiaodong had been stunned. It was only after Lin Ming had called him that he finally reacted: Oh, heavens! Is this for real? He actually won? Furthermore, they had won a thousand gold liangs. A thousand gold liangs! All of Lin Xiaodong's wealth combined amount to no more than only two hundred gold liangs. Buying up a single Blood Ginseng took up more than half of it! Looking at the gold bills within his hands, Lin Xiaodong's expression was one of shock. Then it turned into ecstasy before turning into one of laughter. His eyes were never big to begin with. Now that he was smiling to such an extent, his eyes were almost unnoticeable. "Haha, we are rich, we are rich! You are too kind, what could I say? Thank you so much for your generosity. Knowing that we were in a tight spot, you seniors have chosen to gift us with some spending money, thank you!" "Especially brother Gao Yiwang who felt that eight hundred liangs was not enough and had insisted on giving out one thousand liangs. On behalf of the common people, I give you my thanks." Hearing Lin Xiaodong's sarcastic words, 'Gao Yiwang' who was already seriously injured felt his mouth overflowing and spat out another mouthful of blood. Back then, he had said that if he could not kill off Lin Ming within three moves, his name would be read upside down.   Screw your granddaddy! Wang Yigao furiously gritted his teeth. As for the others, their faces were contorted to the extreme. As it so happened, Lin Xiaodong's face was not the attractive kind. To them, Lin Xiaodong's current face was so disgusting, it could kill. After collecting the gold bills, Lin Xiaodong spit out some saliva onto his palms in an exaggerated manner and started counting the bills one by one. "Twenty, thirty, fifty, hundred, hundred five, hundred seven..." Lin Xiaodong counted the thick stack of gold bills three times, then said with a grin and squinted eyes. "Eight hundred and fifty gold liangs, one hundred and fifty short. I say, aren't you all men of wealth? How is it that you cannot even cough out such a small sum of money?" Hearing Lin Xiaodong's words, Wang Yigao nearly vomited blood yet again. His face sank deep, he shook his right hand and a "ding" could be heard. His long sword was embedded in the middle of the square. "Verdant Sharp Sword, it can be sold for two hundred gold liangs in any weapons shop. We are leaving!" Six of them came to exact vengeance on others. However, the end result was them having to hand over all their possessions, including their swords. This pathetic state was a first for Wang Yigao! Seeing the Verdant Sharp Sword, Lin Xiaodong grinned. He has some knowledge regarding weapons and the Verdant Sharp Sword is truly an extraordinary weapon. At the very least, it is far better than the one he was using. Lin Ming said. "If you like it, you can have it." Lin Xiaodong replied. "I cannot do that. Brother Ming, you do not even have a weapon yet." Lin Ming replied. "My fists are my weapons. For now, I have no need for a weapon. Later on, I will get myself a weapon that fits me. Even though this Verdant Sharp Sword is sharp, it is too light for my fighting style." Lin Xiaodong recalled the fearsome fist that Lin Ming had thrown back then and had to agree that this sword was simply insufficient to complement with Lin Ming. "Very well, I will take this sword then. However, you sure are fearsome, Brother Ming. I never saw you as such a character before," Ever since Lin Ming started practicing martial arts, Lin Xiaodong had never witnessed Lin Ming in action. How could he have known that Lin Ming's strength had soared to such a degree. He believed this to be the results of Lin Ming's hard work. Lin Ming explained. "Wang Yigao does not have a detailed grasp on his own strength, and is only a beginner Physical Training Second Stager. In addition, his foundation is also unstable. His level of cultivation is probably a result of stuffing himself with medications. Even his martial techniques were nothing of note. Beating him is nothing to be proud of, my first goal is Zhu Yan." Zhu Yan is different from Wang Yigao. Zhu Yan possesses a high amount of strength and a solid foundation. His Grade Four Martial Talent is not simply for show. In addition, he is also quite the hard worker. Thus, the current Lin Ming had no chance of beating Zhu Yan. Lin Ming accepted the gold bills, then split them apart and handed one stack to Lin Xiaodong without counting. "Use this." "What are you doing? This gold were all earned by you. I have already taken the sword. As for gold, I have no need for it. With my way of practicing, ten gold liangs per month is the most I will need." Lin Ming remained silent for a while, then without objecting, he kept the gold bills into his own bosom. Between him and Lin Xiaodong, such details were unnecessary. "All right, let us go to the fair." "You are right! Haha, I nearly forgot about it, the fair! Now we have the capital for it, one thousand liangs! Son of a bitch! This senior had never even laid eyes on such a huge sum of money before! This time, I will be making a splash!"
Lin Ming laughed out as well and said. "That is right, we'll make a big splash. However, you will need to be careful when going out in the next few days." "Nn? You mean Wang Yigao?" "En, he would surely exact vengeance. He would not do so openly, but rather in secret. This is a bridge that we will have to cross..." Lin Ming's tone lowered as he said that. If Wang Yigao were to drop this matter here and now, then everything would end. However, if he were to secretly conspire against them or send assassins to target them, then Lin Ming had no scruples in giving Wang Yigao a taste of his own medicine. Naturally, Lin Ming would rather not have to resort to such measures. After all, Wang Yigao's father is the Lord of the Defence Army for Sky Fortune City. Once such an incident is found out, everything would end badly. The fair was held at the outskirts of Sky Fortune City; this place is where the biggest number of business transactions is conducted. There would be one summit of fairs held every year. In this fair, even martial masters of neighbouring kingdoms would come over to find and buy the items that they require. As Lin Ming arrived at the entrance to the fair, he was shocked as he observed the bustling crowd of people and the high range of goods on display. This was a place of luxury, a world for nobles and masters. It would not be surprising to see a Pulse Condensation Stager randomly moving around the crowd of people. As Lin Ming was observing the movements of the crowd, a disturbance occurred amongst them. Lin Ming turned his head to watch and was surprised to find a white luxurious carriage drawn by horses arriving at the entrance to the fair. The horses pulling the carriage were all the same precious type: Draconic Snow Horses. These horses possess great speed and endurance. One of them could fetch up to ten thousand gold liangs in price. Forget the Young Masters of wealthy families, not even the Young Masters of great families would be willing to purchase it. What kind of personage could be inside it? For them to be riding in a carriage worth several tens of thousands in gold liangs, could it be that a member of the Royal Family is here? Lin Ming thought to himself. At this moment, Lin Xiaodong spoke up. "Do you see that crest depicting a knight with golden spear on the carriage? That is the Marshal Quarters carriage." "Marshal Quarters? You mean Marshal Qin?" Lin Ming asked. "Who else could it be? There is only one Marshal in all of Sky Fortune Kingdom." Within the military structure of Sky Fortune Kingdom, the position of a captain of ten thousand men is a great accomplishment. Next up would be the position of Major. Above Major is Colonel; above the Colonel is the General. Finally, above the General is the Marshal. In all of Sky Fortune Kingdom, only one person made it to the position of Marshal during the past eighty years. A number of citizens of Sky Fortune Kingdom may not know of the current Emperor's name. However, all of them knew the name of the Marshal. The Kingdom Protector, Grand Marshal Qin Xiao; eighty years ago, Sky Fortune Kingdom suffered from an invasion led by the Eastern Sun Kingdom. Countless lives were lost and the Imperial Family had to take refuge in the South. Qin Xiao was the only one who had stayed behind. Commanding his Qin Army forces, he contributed meritorious deeds in succession, reclaiming lost lands and saving the northern population who were in dire straits. After three years, the Qin Army forces finally managed to defeat the Eastern Sun Kingdom. The capital was relocated and Qin Xiao was granted the title of Marshal in the very same year. At the same time, the veterans of the military were organized to establish the Sky Fortune Martial House. Due to their limited foundation, the Sky Fortune Martial House is unable to compete with the Seven Profound Martial House that is established by a Grade Three Clan, the Seven Profound Valley. However, Sky Fortune Martial House also serves as the military academy for Sky Fortune Kingdom. Those who enter the military after graduating from Sky Fortune Martial House would certainly be able to attain a good position. As for Qin Xiao, he is the Honorary Principal of Sky Fortune Martial House. His martial cultivation had reached the Post-Celestial Stage, middle phase. For the average martial artist, the Post-Celestial Stage and those beyond the Pulse Condensation Stage is something too far away. Presently, the carriage had stopped and Lin Ming inhaled deeply: Could it be that Qin Xiao himself is inside? That man is a legend! The carriage's curtain was pushed aside and Lin Ming became surprised. The one who had emerged was a young woman. Seeing the young woman, Lin Ming felt surprised while Lin Xiaodong's eyes became glued straight at her. What is a beauty that can topple kingdoms? This is it. The young woman was wearing a white dress, her black hair descending down onto her waist, her skin glistening with the lustre of beautiful jade, her appearance as mesmerizing as the full moon, her eyes shining like the waters of autumn. She has a fine raised nose, pointed chin and a slender jade like neck. There were simply no flaws that one could see. In addition, she exuded an aura of wisdom and purity, causing an inevitable thought to enter the minds of those who set their eyes on her: A peerless beauty. Escorted by her bodyguards and maids, the young woman came out of the carriage and proceeded into the fair. Wherever she went, it would seem as though numerous colours had lit up in the area and peach flowers would blossom. As for the young woman, she seemed to be dancing within this beautiful image, leading to everyone seeing her becoming lost in a reverie. All eyes were gathered onto her. Her carriage that cost several tens of thousands of gold liangs, her spectacular beauty, the Qin Family that had endured for over eighty years; any of these factors would have been enough to make her the centre of attention. It was not until the young woman had disappeared from his sight that Lin Xiaodong was willing to turn away his gaze, a look of reluctance etched on his face. Lin Ming asked. "Who is she? Do you know her?" Lin Xiaodong answered. "I do know her, but she doesn't know me. She is Qin Xiao's granddaughter, Qin Xingxuan. Truly... perfect." While explaining, Lin Xiaodong praised. Lin Ming only gave an "oh". He had somewhat guessed her identity and had simply asked without any motives. Thus, he was not too surprised. Lin Xiaodong glanced at Lin Ming and smiled as he continued. "That girl is a Grade Six Martial Talent." "Wha... What?" Lin Ming was dumbfounded. "Grade Six Talent? Are you certain?" The highest talent that Lin Ming had seen before was Grade Four. As for Grade Five Talent, there was not a single one in Green Mulberry City. Perhaps these people do exist in Sky Fortune Kingdom, but their numbers would surely be limited. However, he had just been told that the young woman that had just passed by is a Grade Six Talent. For him, this was simply an unimaginable fact! Lin Xiaodong had already expected this reaction from Lin Ming and said. "I say, Brother Ming, don't you think that in comparison with her Grade Six Martial Talent, her looks are even more amazing?" Lin Ming replied. "I think that her talent is even more amazing, a Grade Six Talent! This is simply unheard of! Speaking of which... what martial arts stage is she in?" Lin Xiaodong shrugged. "I do not know about that. But, it must surely be unbelievably high. Considering that she is gifted with such a high talent and also born within a great family, a Physical Training Fourth or Fifth Stage is probably nothing surprising. However... Brother Ming, why do you only ask about these martial arts stuff? After seeing such a perfect beauty, aren't your heart moved at all?" The question surprised Lin Ming. He is not made of wood. A fair lady is beloved by all gentlemen; and Qin Xingxuan is indeed perfect. However, after what had happened with Lan Yunyue, Lin Ming had come to understand that a loving family that can last forever could only be attained after he has enough strength. With his current level of strength, such pursuits were meaningless. Turning around, he asked. "Why? Do you like her?" "Nah, I am just an admirer. This girl is so far away from me, I cannot have those kinds of thoughts. I do not even know how many people within Sky Fortune City are hoping to be the lucky man; however, none of them is worthy. This girl would surely enter a true clan in the future, like the Seven Profound Valley. She had long since become a core disciple of the Seven Profound Martial House. Mortals like us simply cannot hope to match someone like her. But, what makes me most jealous is the fact that she is also an Inscription Master." "Inscription Master?" Lin Ming do not have much understanding towards certain unique professions. Generally, these unique professions have a high demand in qualifications and the number of people holding those professions is small. The amount of money spent on those professions is also much smaller, comparable to a drizzle when placed beside the expenses necessary for martial arts cultivation. "En, an Inscription Master can utilize special ingredients to engrave arrays and symbols upon weapons. They can strengthen equipment by engraving a symbol on it. This profession requires a high level of talent and a strong soul force. But, once one becomes an Inscription Master, earning money would be as easy as eating and drinking!" "Unfortunately, most martial artists would have no chance to come in contact with this profession. Even if they have the talent, they will have no chance of achieving success in their practice because the practice would involve too many materials. Naturally, that amount of money is only a drizzle for the Qin Family. It is said that Qin Xingxuan's attainment in Inscription Techniques had reached a high level. She is unmatchable amongst her peers and could even beat many from the older generation." Lin Xiaodong had received a formal education in the Martial Way, thus leading to a higher level of understanding compared to Lin Ming. As he was eloquently explaining, he suddenly realized that Lin Ming had his head lowered as though he was deeply considering something. "Brother Ming... Brother Ming, you are not feeling aroused, are you? Well, considering what a Heavenly beauty she is, this is normal." "Nothing," Lin Ming waved his hand. So, that is what it was! Those arrays, inscriptions, engravings, various symbols and mysterious characters, simple looking weapons that radiated a strong atmosphere that were within the soul fragment, they were all pertaining to inscriptions! It turned out that those items that he had temporarily ignored actually had such a high value!
The truth was, at the time Lin Ming had thought of giving up on pursuing any path of being an Inscription master. It was because he was singularly desired to practice martial arts, and the steps to being an Inscription Master were unfathomably difficult! One had to work themselves silly, and be able to comprehend thick and comprehensive tomes in short periods of time, it was also very serious in terms of spiritual consumption. Lin Ming did not have the energy to pursue both the martial path and inscription at the same time. But now things have changed, and that was because he needed money! For body transformation, there was no such thing as the good medicine, there was only better! What he was using right now was only budget goods! There was medicine in the world that was able to directly increase the cultivation level, and even to assist in breaking through bottlenecks. For this type of medicine, the price was of course astronomically expensive. Not only that, but weapons, armor, martial skills, all of it needed money! For Lin Ming, the 1000 taels of gold that he had won was only it pittance. It was insufficient to help him break into the pulse condensation period. If he wanted to make money, he would therefore need to become an inscription master. Lin Ming immediately decided to rent a room, and began to fuse memories left over from the soul fragment. These memories comprised the bulk of that little soul fragment, and there were also very obscure and difficult to understand. For Lin Ming this fusion took several hours. Lin Xiaodong was left by himself to stroll around the trade fair. It was hard to imagine that his friend had come all the way to unexpectedly cultivate! This dedication was something to at least be admired and supported. He truly was a Martial Nutjob. In the afternoon, Lin Ming finally opened his eyes. Although he had a splitting headache, a devilish smile split his face his eyes were bright and wide with the wild color of joy! The inscription techniques that originated from the Realm of the Gods were beyond exquisite and utterly profound. It was not something that the lower planes even dare hope to compare! The inscription techniques found within the soul fragment were unexpectedly amazing! They could increase the level of equipment; they could also increase the strength of medicines. One could also engrave the body itself to enhance the speed of cultivation! This was the sum of countless millennia of knowledge within the numerous dimensions of the Realm of the Gods. And it was only a tiny fragment! The lower planes might possibly have had some similar techniques but most were without a doubt lost in the passage of time due to destruction of ancient sects or other such reasons. Sky Spill continents engraved inscription technique can only increase the level of equipment; moreover, even it can only do so by a tiny amount! To compare this with the Realm of the Gods' techniques was truly comparing the Heavens and Earth. Lin Ming raised himself to stand. Suddenly a wave of nausea swept over him. The massive amount of information emerged within the recesses of his mind. It was a pain that came with a certain virtue. He had spent three hours fusing with the soul, and had only managed to absorb half of the information so far. But in his mind he already had a clear plan. First he would buy the material and start from the very foundation to practice! In particular he would focus on increasing the efficacy of medicines and other compounded drugs, as well as the body engraving method. Lin Ming was ecstatic with the endless possibilities! It had to be known there existed certain pills and drugs and herbs in this world that were prohibitively rare and precious. Even if you had any amount of money you still might not be able to purchase medicine like this! If the engraving inscriptions for medicine were applied, then the strength of one impossibly rare medicine could become two! What kind of ridiculous concept was that!? As for the bodily engraving inscription, there wasn't need to say anything about increasing the practice speed. It was equal to enhancing one owns grade of talent. It was truly a heaven defying technique! However thinking of the precious materials that he would have to buy, Lin Ming gave a forced smile as he recalled recent events. He had succeeded in obtaining more than 800 taels of gold, he must spend this wisely. Sky Wind Grass juice, rank three desolate beasts blood, long-tailed cicadas molt, ice bound shrimp...Ling Ming purchased these materials in a frenzy. He could find only a few that matched those in his mind. Perhaps most ingredients he recalled were from the Realm of the Gods. If so, even in the Sky Spill Continent much less the Sky Fortune Kingdom, it was possible these materials did not exist. Whether for better or worse, Lin Ming had gone all in on inscription. He purchased several symbol papers and headed back to practice his inscription technique. This truly was a money burning field. He must be successful in engraving these inscriptions and selling a few. Otherwise, he would not have any more follow up funds. As Lin Ming was calculating, Lin Xiaodong arrived back from the trade fair. His eyes widened as he saw the massive pile of materials in front of Lin Mind. "You nutjob, what have you done!?" Lin Ming did not know what to say, so he only replied truthfully, "I'm studying the engraving inscription techniques." "...Studies, what studies?" Lin Xiaodong asked with a whisper as his eyes widened to the size of eggs. He did not dare to believe his ears almost! "Studying the engraving inscription techniques." Lin Ming replied again. "You're s-s-s-studying the e-engraving inscription technique!? Holy shit brother! My brother, my own brother were you turned into an idiot this morning? With less than one thousand taels of gold you want to study the inscription techniques? And where would you get a teacher!?" "I purchased a rare and precious book." Lin Ming pointed to the table. Lin Xiaodong's eyes bulged again as he read the thick letters. 'Inscription Technique: Getting Started on the Path to Inscription.' Lin Ming had bought the book mainly to understand the Sky Spill Continents inscription techniques and contrast them with the ones he acquired from the soul fragment. As Lin Xiaodong saw this knockoff 'Inscription Technique: Getting Started on the Path to Inscription' he almost vomited blood. He was speechless. He immediately began to regret boasting about the greatness of inscription masters in front of Lin Ming. The regret was heart wrenching. He turned to the materials again and Lin Xiaodong felt his heart bleed yet again. Although he didn't want to know, he still turned to look at Lin Ming and asked: "This...how much did you spend on these materials?" Lin Ming replied helplessly, "...about 70 taels of gold..." Lin Xiaodong sighed. Seventy taels of gold he could accept, but the tone of his voice indicated Lin Ming had not finished. The following words almost caused him to collapse in a fit of despair. "...I have 70  taels remaining." At this point, Lin Xiaodong's world turned black, and he slipped passed out on the floor. "This young and handsome master! This is a very good inscription symbol paper. It is a product of the famous Master Baihong! If you use it on a treasure, the strength and prestige is bound to increase by a minimum of twenty percent!" At the trade fair's transaction hall, a man wearing formal clothes smiled as he introduced the goods to some juniors of large aristocratic families. After the inscription was drawn up it was placed on the symbol paper and could be used. One merely had to speak the command to mark the desired equipment. It was extremely convenient! This transaction hall was not a place where one could casually stroll through, it required an admission of 50 gold taels! To the average martial artist, this was not a small number. It was enough for them to purchase medicinal herbs for half a month. Lin Ming had paid the fee and entered. At this time the entirely of his fortune was a grand total of 75 taels of gold. He entered the transaction hall carefully and with the utmost caution. If he accidently hit and bottle or pot, even if he sold his body to some old noble lady he would not be able to afford it! Lin Ming wanted to see how inscription masters made money, but this was the floor where inscription products were sold so he could only spend the money to come here. "This is Master Baihongs work?" A young noble asked as he stepped forward. He was obviously attracted by the renown of this masters work. "Do you have any proof, clerk?" "Certainly young master, we have proof that even Master Baihong's own master will approve. Be reassured young master, that the goods at this trading hall have their providence known! If not, then we will compensate at ten times the price!" "...Hmm...how much gold?" "1500 gold taels, if you have the VIP card we can also offer a 10% discount." "mmm....I think that...." The young noble pondered this for a moment. Even if he was obviously rich, 1500 gold taels was not a small number. Hearing this price, even though Lin Ming was prepared, he was still startled! 1500 gold taels! This was simply gold coins raining from the heavens! But...since he was learning inscription techniques by himself, then it would be hard to turn a profit so early. Thinking of this golden rain, Lin Ming became excited. He was already brimming with impatience to learn inscription techniques!
Although Lin Ming fused with the memories of the soul fragment, he could not make light of the difficulty of inscription. In order to obtain more knowledge to fill the gaps, he must practice body and mind spiritual coordination in order to fully integrate the soul's memories within his body! The materials for inscription were equal to his hard earned gold. He could not waste a single bit of them. At this moment, Lin Ming dared not use any of his precious materials, instead he gathered the true essence within his body to practice. He circulated the energy in his body, and every time it seemed to sync with the memories from the soul fragment, he carved that feeling into his mind. This was a very tedious and spiritually taxing process, but in Lin Ming's mind he could see tens of thousands of pages flipping one at a time, again and again, as his soul and body gradually acclimated and his movements became smoother. The soul force required was excessively demanding. Every now and then, Lin Ming would take a short rest, and in the process he would read that alarming knockoff-like manual, 'Inscription Techniques: How to Get Started on the Path to Inscription', and he would feel relaxed. Although the manual could offer him nothing that he didn't know from the soul fragment, it let him have a more solid and concrete understanding of the Sky Spill Continent's engraving inscription techniques. At the end of a full day of practice, Lin Ming closed the 'Inscription Techniques: How to Get Started on the Path to Inscription' manual. In the manual was not a single description of anything resembling Sky Worm Silk. The Sky Worm Silk was a top priority for Lin Ming. He had seen many materials in the Trade Fair, but had not seen this, though he had found a good trail of information. The Sky Fortune Kingdom did have Sky Worms, but they were generally used for making zither strings. Lin Ming could not actually be sure that these two things were one and the same... Because of the differences in quality of land and cultivation, materials identified in the Realm of the Gods might not necessarily be the same even though they shared the same name. The Sky Worm Silk in the Realm of the Gods could be completely different than the one in the Sky Spill Continent. Lin Ming identified not with the name, but with other factors such as appearance and smell. If these matched then it was most likely the same thing. But in Lin Ming's mind, he has only the memories of the Realm of the Gods' Sky Worm Silk, and since he has not seen the Sky Spill Continent's version, he could not be sure that they were identical. Lin Ming thought very carefully about where he could find Sky Worm Silk, and finally concluded that he might be able to locate some in the Seven Profound Martial House. The majority of martial artists may use the sword, sometimes the sabre, or bow, and so on, but ever-so-often there are those that use extremely rare and precious weapons. For instance, the zither! The Seven Profound Martial House's name of Seven Profound naturally originates from the Seven Profound Valleys. But the Seven Profound Valleys' name also originates from a faction of seven people, each of which uses various weapons. One of them was a female, and her weapon happened to be the zither! Therefore the zither is also a legacy inheritance of the Seven Profound Valleys, and has been passed down from generation to generation to the present day. Because of this, it is an established department in the Seven Profound Martial House! But the difficulties of the zither are too many to count. The talent required was unbearably high, but the user also had to have a calm and regal temperament. Due to these requirements, this department of the Seven Profound Martial House had always been lonesome compared with the more popular departments. The vast majority, at least 99 percent of those who came to study the zither were women who came to cultivate their character and instrument skills, and held neither interest in bloody killing nor interest in the extreme studying of martial arts. Lin Ming immediately set off. His destination was the Zither Department's Public Lecture Hall where they publicly lectured! Each year, the Seven Profound Martial House that was set up in the Sky Fortune Kingdom selected top tier talents to enter the Seven Profound Valleys. At the request of the royal family, the Seven Profound Martial House also gave special permissions to non-students to enter the public halls where they were able to attend lectures. However, in order to enter the public lecture hall one needed a special Pass Card! Otherwise everyone and their mothers and fathers and pet dogs would come. So the public lecture hall was waterproofed against anyone except those with permission. The Seven Profound Martial House had laid down the rules for entry. One had to be at least the third stage of Body Transformation, part of the aristocracy, or a student of the Seven Profound Martial house or the Sky Fortune Martial House. Others did not have the privilege of entering the public lecture hall. The lectures were truly popular and in high demand, but the real content was still reserved for core disciples. The Pass Card that Lin Ming currently had was borrowed from Lin Xiaodong. The Lin Family was very big after all, and many juniors and seniors that cultivated the Martial Path were naturally in the Seven Profound Martial House. With Lin Xiaodong's connections, obtaining a Pass Card wasn't too difficult. As Lin Ming first went to visit Lin Xiaodong, who shouted. "Brother! My own, dear brother! Have you finally been cured of your idiocy?" Lin Xiaodong truly did admire his brother's hard work and diligence towards inscriptions. In his heart, he had always believed that this big bro of his would reach the highest possible boundaries of martial artists and become a legend, known throughout the lands! But the engraving inscription techniques were something that were not achievable through just one's convictions. No matter how driven you were, you needed inborn aptitude! If it was really possible to become an inscription master by tossing around 800 gold taels to purchase some materials and a copy of this truly shady manual, 'Inscription Technique: Getting Started on the Path to Inscription,' then inscription masters would be crawling all around like ants. In Lin Xiaodong's eyes, for Lin Ming to study inscription was nothing but a pipe dream. Not only would he lose all of his money and become a beggar, but he would also waste valuable time! But Lin Xiaodong was a true brother to Lin Ming. It wasn't possible to persuade him, so Lin Xiaodong could only helplessly lend Lin Ming the Pass Card as he considered his options. He decided he would find an auspicious time and bring Lin Ming to the medical hall and find a renowned doctor. What else could be wrong with Lin Ming but that his brain had been muddled and his spirit was disturbed! Then, Lin Ming arrived at the Seven Profound Martial House Zither Department Public Lecture Hall. It was a graceful building that was three floors high. The lecture area was spacious. However, pitiful and occasionally thickheaded Lin Ming did not know that the Seven Profound Martial House's Zither Department Public Lecture Hall was equivalent to a ladies' restroom. It was a true holy land in which all men were expressly forbidden! The reason for this was that the Zither Department's students were essentially all women. These women who wanted to study the Dao of the Zither tended to be from aristocratic families. In their entire lives they had been gradually influenced by the sweet melodies of music, and thus their appearances also were incomparably high! They were among the most beautiful specimens of womankind. The result of this was that many aristocratic young masters' hearts were disturbed and tempted with lewd thoughts, and had the night dreams that they would poach one of two of these beauties. These young masters relied on their status to attain a Pass Card and could thus frequent the Zither Department to spy on girls with their dark and frankly dirty intentions. They did not come for the lectures, instead focusing their eyes on the female students' curves, especially those with luscious thighs and... rounder chests. Even after the lectures were over they would follow them around and eat meals in their proximity, and badger them as the ladies went shopping! Finally the beauties of the Zither Department reached the limits of their patience! They had come here to learn the Dao of the Zither, and they needed to maintain a calm heart and peaceful mind, which was impossible with all of the lewd dogs hounding them about! Gradually the Zither Department began to prevent men from entering, in particular those shifty eyed male hooligans, and directly threw them out, relentlessly and without mercy! Lin Ming entered the Zither Department Lecture Hall, but the lecture time had not yet started, and several female students were quietly inside, exchanging talk and zither skills with each other. In the center, a girl was playing a new tune. It was a nimble and fresh tune that was filled with elegance as the notes flowed out; it was a tempting tune that lingered on one's mind. Lin Ming approached to take a gander. The string on the zither was not Sky Worm Silk, as he had anticipated. After all, Sky Worm Silk was an expensive and rare item. The strings were also especially fierce and tenacious. Someone whose cultivation was too low could easily be wounded trying to play on Sky Worm Silk. The young and fragile flowers of the Zither Department would have no way to use such powerful strings. The girl who was playing the zither was too dedicated to her craft to notice Lin Ming, but the two other female students who were listening naturally noticed the presence of a male. They knitted their brows and frowned, but did not speak. Every other period of time there would always be some men with evil intentions hovering like flies. They would wait for their turn and while pretending to be some zither enthusiast, they would come closer, only to look at the female students' chests. These sorts of men made the female students feel utter revulsion. The female students who studied the Dao of the Zither tended to be thin skinned, and did not want to lose face over arguing against some dirty beast over whether their goods were ogled, so many sexual deviants would be intense and even maybe cop a feel with their hands or feet. It wasn't until a group of sisters banded together under the guidance of the Elder Senior Sister that all the perverts were shown the door. Even so, there were still those utterly shameless and thick-skinned rogues and rascals, who even after being thrown out, would come crawling back with the excuse that they were true students of the Dao of the Zither, and that they wanted to study this 'Dao of the Zither' together with other female students, and that they certainly did not entertain any dirty thoughts. But they were without a doubt, shameless students who were only masters of the Dao of Depravity! Because of this, the Elder Senior Sister also became equally ruthless, and on the second day, she set upright a bold sign above the entrance upon which was written, 'Men and Dogs, Do Not Enter." The matter became increasingly serious, and was finally addressed through the intervention of high level members within the department. Men were therefore banned from the Zither Department Lecture Hall. The exception was that male students who came in could still enter, but under the absolute condition that their presence was determined by the Zither Department's female students. Any men that had a hint of lewd of evil intentions were instantly expelled and had all privileges forever revoked! As such, over time, now the Zither Department Lecture Hall no longer saw even the shadows of men. Lin Ming naturally didn't know the sordid history of the Zither Department and its war with all perverts everywhere. He looked around awhile and did not find a single instrument that used Sky Worm Silk, and so began to stroll around down one side of the hall to a collection of books, hoping perhaps that there was something here that was related to what he was looking for. As he left, several students finished playing, and they looked at the distant Lin Ming that was standing near the bookshelves. They said with a whisper, "This fellow doesn't look like he studies the zither." "Mm, I think I saw that little shifty-eyed rascal looking at Xiao Sian's hand a moment ago." "Surprisingly he doesn't seem that old. He looks around 15-16 years old." "Humph! This is our home turf here. A 16 year old male should already be married. Someone at my age might already be a mother." The girl who spoke was only a light 17 year old girl. In Sky Fortune City, 18 year olds will generally have married by then. In the more rural countryside, they would even marry one or two years in advance, so a 16 year old married man wasn't too rare. "Whatever, it is not under our control. Elder Senior Sister will come to the lecture soon. If this fellow has any dirty thoughts, she will immediately ask him to leave." Lin Ming had not heard these young girls' discussion; otherwise he would have been left speechless. He indeed did look at Xiao Sian's hand, but that was only because he was trying to ascertain the material of the strings! He kept looking for the information on the Sky Worm Silk. Luckily the Zither Department Lecture Hall was very large, and even this one side had a good area set aside for a collection of books, each of which held a variety of musical knowledge and history. Lin Ming of course was not interested in music whatsoever, he searched and searched and finally found what he was looking for! It was a manual named the 'Sky Zither List." 'Sky Zither List' was a an encyclopedia on ancient instruments of all sorts, that included origins, users, manufacturers, materials, and other arcane knowledge, all of which were described in minute detail. Of course in these rare materials were also included the Sky Worm Silk! Lin Ming was incomparably excited, and he began to read with vigor. 'Sky Zither List' introduced the Sky Work Silk's properties and gathering methods. The only fault so far was that was no available picture of the Sky Worm Silk, but Lin Ming was able to roughly determine that this was the Sky Worm Silk that he was looking for! Lin Ming was just innocently and earnestly reading, and did not realize at all that the number of female students in the Lecture Hall began to creep up. They on the other hand did notice him in the corner by himself. In this group of heavenly beauties, the presence of a single man in his dirtied clothes was truly plain as day. Luckily, Lin Ming had not looked around, as all of his heart's attentions were focused on the book. Even though the female students thought it might be fake, they did not have any evidence that they could use to throw him out. Originally, the lecture would have proceeded smoothly, but there existed the Zither Department's legendary Elder Senior Sister, who retained an enormous prejudice against the entirety of men-kind! In the social circles of aristocratic young masters, the Senior Elder Sister's name was like a thunderbolt that reverberated in their ears and caused their hearts to heat up with anger. That sign upon which 'No Man or Dog shall enter' was written was an insult to all of them, and caused them to feel the pain of losing so many chances with ladies of such... appreciable goods! They cursed her to remain a spinster for the rest of her life! In fact, the Elder Senior Sister was a beauty among beauties. She was around 20 years of age, and had a flawless oval face, stature that belonged to royalty, long and slender thighs and legs that climbed to the sky. It was a pity that the Elder Senior Sister had never shown any interest in men, and was easily irritated with a short temper. Any male who dared to gaze upon her majestic beauty would be sent a swift and decisive kick between their two legs! After the Elder Senior Sister arrived, she instantly discovered Lin Ming! Her willow eyebrows instantly wrinkled, and she laid down her zither and arrived in front of him. She rapped her fingers three times on his desk and asked him, "How did you get in?"
When someone is angry, there can be differences in the projection of that anger. With just a few words, or a slight change in body language, the story told and the effect created would be drastically different. For instance, this Elder Senior Sister had her slender eyebrows pointing straight up, her waist was rigid and unbend-able, and in addition to the knocks on the table, the intense and murderous gaze, and the chilling tone used, her killing intent was soaring to the heavens! A young, simple-hearted male student who saw her would only be frightened out of his wits and cause a mess in his pants, timidly being unable to speak.
Lin Ming was also a bit confused, and wasn’t sure if he came to the lecture in the proper way, so he asked a bit timidly, "Was I not allowed to come here?"
As soon as the Elder Senior Sister heard Lin Ming’s words, her heart instantly raged with flames of anger! This little rascal! She did not believe that he could possess a Pass Card and still not know that the Zither Department had an unwritten agreement that all men could not enter! At this moment, a sweet and gentle voice sounded out, "Sister Ling, what is happening?"
Lin Ming looked towards that sweet sound and he was suddenly shocked! It came from a girl wearing a simple white dress, with hair like flowing ink. She was simply an elegant immortal beauty with incomparable grace. She was none other than Marshal Qin Xiao’s granddaughter, the infamous Qin Xingxuan!
At the trade fair, Lin Ming had seen her from afar. In every single parameter, from her number one family background, her sixth grade talent, her peerless beauty and charm, her skill at inscription, and strength, all of this made even top tier talents feel inferior.
Although Lin Ming thought that with his stroke of heavenly luck, he was destined for greatness and would be able to become a hero of the entire Sky Spill Continent, at this moment Qin Xingxuan was an unattainable existence. Let alone him, before her presence even that spoiled bastard Zhu Yan would be nothing but a frog staring out of a well.
Lin Ming was astonished, he had not thought that he could see Qin Xingxuan at this moment, but his astonishment was seen by everyone, and especially the Elder Senior Sister!
Humph! This was his true sexual deviant nature emerging at last!
"The toad thinks he can eat some swan!" The Elder Senior Sister’s heart burned as she criticized him. The truth was that the girls’ thoughts were complex at this moment, although the Elder Senior Sister thought him a repugnant man, since Lin Ming did not respond after seeing Qin Xingxuan, she did not get the general feeling that he was some sort of pervert. This didn’t sit well with her. After all, all men were perverted!
She said to Qin Xingxuan, "This deviant little child snuck in to harass us women. I am questioning him. You, where is your pass card?"
The following few words were to Lin Ming, who could only scratch his head. When did he come here to harass girls? Why was he being accused of this?
He said, "I only came here to look up some reference books, please don’t accuse me of anything I did not do without evidence or proof. All you are doing is drawing absurd conclusions and insulting mine and your intelligence."
"Looking at reference books? All you did was look at that 'Sky Zither List’. Are you thinking that you are going to make a zither or something?"
Lin Ming didn’t have anything to say in response, so he casually said, "I just wanted to understand some things."
"Humph! These shameless lecherous men have always said that they wanted to understand music, and used this as an excuse to take advantage! Such acts are really disgusting. So you have interest in zithers hmm? Good, then I ask you, how many notes does a zither have, and what are they? What king of zither material suits the treble notes, what kind of material suits the bass notes? If you can tell me and satisfy me with your answers, then I’ll believe you have an interest in music and you want to study the zither."
Lin Ming froze on the scene. He knew only the most minimal details of zithers and music, much less zither knowledge of which he knew nothing!
"Humph! So you dare to lie in public! You just wanted to look at a book so you could appear as if you were acting casually. You little pervert, your real goal was to peek on us girls! I’ve seen your kind plenty enough. Hand over your Pass Card, scum!" The Elder Senior Sister put out her hand in front of Lin Ming.
Lin Ming was silent. His Pass Card was borrowed, and although the Seven Profound Martial House was lax in their use, he had to conform to the rules since he was here using the Pass Card.
But Qin Xingxuan said, "Sister Ling, consider this matter settled. This is only his first offense; there is no need to be so harsh on the boy."
Qin Xingxuan also thought that Lin Ming was lying, and the truth was that he was indeed lying!
The Elder Senior Sister could naturally not disregard Qin Xingxuan’s words, so she said, "Xingxuan, your heart truly is too gentle, we really cannot afford to tolerate people like this. This kind of person, just taking his Pass Card is being lenient."
'Take my Pass Card?’ Lin Ming said with a shock. "You are also a student. You aren’t part of the school authority. What jurisdiction and right do you have to confiscate anything of mine?"
"Humph! What a smart mouth. I have the qualifications to confiscate the Pass Card and this was granted to me by the school authorities to me and me alone. In this Zither Department everyone must give me face. What I say goes. Here, I am the god! Now hand it over, or you’ll see what I can do!
The Pass Card was borrowed from Lin Xiaodong, naturally Lin Ming could not let it be taken, or else how could he face his brother who had taken such pains to get it for him!
Lin Ming did not have any choice but to admit his true purpose. In fact this wasn’t really anything. Inscription development was nothing new, and new materials being researched were a common matter, whether or not they succeeded.
Lin Ming said, "I am researching inscription techniques in regards to the Sky Worm Silk material."
Researching inscription techniques? Using Sky Work Silk as a new material in some technique?
If these words came from the lips of an inscription master in their 50s or 60s, then the Elder Senior Sister wouldn’t be surprised, but to hear these words from a young boy of 15 to 16 years who was still wet behind the ears? The development of new materials and techniques? Were you kidding me? Was this a bad dream?
Only an inscription master who was practicing techniques and found his current materials inadequate would go to seek something new as a substitute. This 15 year old country bumpkin, at best his foundation would be reading some shoddy guide like 'Inscription Techniques: How to get Started on the Path to Inscription.’ Even that would be considered good. So to develop new materials, on what basis was he not lying out of his ass again?
The Elder Senior Sister laughed out loud and said, "You think we are dumb or something? It’s true that I do not personally understand inscription at all, but unfortunately for you, you are out of luck! At my side is the greatest inscription talent in the entire Sky Fortune Kingdom, and even in several countries around! You want to show off your garbage skills before a true expert? I really am going to die smiling here. Xingxuan, I ask you, have you started to study new materials yet?"
Qin Xingxuan gave a straight look at Lin Ming. She was similar to him in age, and could not think that Lin Ming was saying anything that wasn’t a lie. She said, "Engraving inscription techniques are numerous and have profound diversity. Even just in primary materials there are recorded over 13,600 kinds, and in more advanced materials, become of their secrecy it is hard to state the number. Even these 13,600 materials are enough for an inscription master to learn for years to discover their effects, usages, mix ratios, structures, and other such things. My own talent is low, and I have not been able to find the use for all these primary materials, much less search for alternatives."
The Elder Senior Sister laughed with a self-satisfied smile. "Ha-ha! The little perverted boy is spinning his web around and around and now it all comes crashing down! Spin some more boy, this big sis is waiting for you!"
Lin Ming heard this grossly exaggerated laughter and could only laugh to himself. This woman was certified crazy. A complete nutjob. Was she dumped by a man or something? She had some sort of psychological abnormality towards men.
He said, "I really am here to study. I am studying the inscription techniques and was suddenly inspired by a dream. Who said that I must succeed or would not succeed? Who said that a new inscription apprentice could not study new materials?"
"Humph! It seems you’re not scared of death until you see your own coffin! Good! Very good! This big sis is a reasonable human after all. Today I will let you sincerely convince Xingxuan here. The inscription technique I don’t understand, so you test him.
Qin Xingxuan was frustrated. The Elder Senior Sister was indeed paranoid of men, but looking at this young man, he had to be lying. He was young and wearing simple attire, so his family background can’t be prominent. Did such a youth really have the financial resources and opportunity to learn inscription techniques? Why would you mercilessly expose the poor boy to this extent?
She said, "Sister Ling, please let this be considered as finished."
The Elder Senior Sister replied, "Xingxuan, you are just too kindhearted! You do not know how we were initially harassed by these scum, and our struggles to stop them! If we are tenderhearted and merciful, then there will be no end to their pestering!"
Qin Xingxuan didn’t have anything she could further do except ask him a few simple questions. It would be fine if he could at least answer one!
"This fellow student, do you know who established the Sky Fortune Kingdom’s inscription technique?"
Qin Xingxuan asked the most general question as possible. But even this caused Lin Ming to be silent and scratch his head. Who the hell knew what old fogy established the Sky Fortune Kingdom’s inscription technique. And who even cared? The memory of the Realm of the Gods would not have such trivial knowledge, and even the manual 'Inscription Techniques: How to Get Started on the Path to Inscription’ only spoke of the rudimentary knowledge, and did not expand on the history or the Sky Fortune Kingdom’s inscription technique history.
Seeing Lin Ming stuck, the Elder Senior Sister’s smile grew increasingly radiant. This only confirmed for her that the youth was nothing more than a pervert of the Dao of Deviants, and in her psychologically warped mind she wanted to torment the little rascal some more for fun.
"You don’t know even this? Even I know you have nothing to say."
But Lin Ming reluctantly said, "I do not know history but I know a bit about pharmacology and material reactions."
Pharmacology and material reactions? This was quite a broad and diverse field that not even Qin Xingxuan had begun to master, much less this youth. Qin Xingxuan thought that that there were some truly unreasonable people. If they were wrong first, then they just had to admit it and it would all be good. What was the meaning of continuing the deception further?
Therefore she asked a not so simple question, as she wanted to end this boring and insignificant interrogation. After all she came here to study the zither, and she was missing the lecture. Although Qin Xingxuan’s weapon was a sword, that didn’t stop her from playing an instrument either.
"Then this student, do you know the 'shock’ inscription and the unique pattern and characteristics of it?"
The engraving inscription technique may use tens of thousands of different materials, from the common to the incomparably rare. These materials could be combined in a variety of different ways, and when supplemented by an inscription master, they would then be able to draw a myriad of arcane and profound inscriptions!
The inscription techniques contained 3600 foundation lines and 4900 foundation symbols. This myriad of lines and symbols could then be combined into a variety of permutations to trace and engrave the ever-changing inscription technique.
The 'shock’ inscription was only a single one of the 3600 kinds of foundation lines.
Lin Ming naturally knew the 'shock’ foundation line. In fact, he knew that the foundations lines were not limited to 3600, but there were actually 6000 different types. It was almost double the foundation lines that the inscription masters of the Sky Spill Continent possessed.
However, just like the Sky Worm Silk, Lin Ming was not sure that the Sky Spill Continent’s 'shock’ line was the same as the one in the Realm of the Gods. He could only hope that there weren’t too many differences. He stretched out his right hand and the true essence gathered on his fingertips. With his hand he drew a series of brilliant lines in the air. They glowed with a silent and gorgeous light and finally coalesced into a complex diagram that shone in front of Qin Xingxuan and the blankly staring Elder Senior Sister.
Lin Ming had been practicing these inscriptions every day, and the soul fragments memories and his finally began to harmonize. The results of this were in two words, quite handy.
Lin Ming asked, "Was this the 'shock’ symbol?"
Qin Xingxuan stared dumbfounded, and the Elder Senior Sister looked at her and noticed her expression. She was instantly able to determine that this young hooligan was not just doodling with his fingertips, but had drawn the 'shock’ line and there was no mistake about it! Sh*t! This young hick pervert actually unexpectedly understood inscription techniques?! Wasn’t this just too preposterous?!
In Qin Xingxuan’s heart she was truly surprised and was trying to not reveal her complex emotions. There were 3600 foundation lines, and it was absurdly difficult for an amateur to remember them completely. It wasn’t too strange to say that Lin Ming knew this one foundation line, but what startled her was the 'shock’ symbol he drew was completely correct; the energy was placed in the right spots and it was simply astounding. This could only the results of painstaking effort during practice!
With a bit of depression in her heart, she startled, "It is..."
Lin Ming said, "The 'shock’ pattern is a sign of the killing god, its use typically will have it placed on a weapon. When a martial artist uses a weapon he will generally concentrate his energy on the weapon, and the energy will be used in a battle to defeat the enemy, but the increased effectiveness is limited. If the 'shock’ line is placed on the weapon, then when a martial artist concentrates his energy in the weapon, it will flow through the 'shock’ pattern and create a high speed vibration which increases the penetrating power, effectively increasing the degree of weapon sharpness..."
Lin Ming easily explained the 'shock’ pattern as Qin Xingxuan had expected. If he was able to draw the 'shock’ pattern with such skill, then he of course had to know the principles behind it! It would only be strange if he did not!
Qin Xingxuan’s competitive spirit was also aroused! She couldn’t let this boy outdo her! She asked, "Then, this fellow student, do you also know the 'flag’ symbol drawing technique and principle behind it? She had abandoned the relatively simple foundation lines and raised the stakes to some of the more complex foundation symbols. However, this naturally could not confuse Lin Ming! In fact, Lin Ming’s understanding of foundation symbols was far more deep and profound than anything that could be offered in the Sky Spill Continent.
He calmly drew the 'flag’ symbol in the air. Although the foundation symbols were somewhat complex, Lin Ming’s finger did not have the slightest pause, and in the blink of an eye, the complex inscription symbol sparkled in the air.
Now, even Qin Xingxuan was completely awed. The foundation symbol was far more complex with double the lines and even more so difficult to trace the energy in the symbol, but Lin Ming had done so with ease. This had already far surpassed Qin Xingxuan!
My god, this was a genius! Unexpectedly this random kid turned out to be a genius among geniuses in inscription talent!
But who did he study with to learn this godly engraving inscription technique? His appearance indicated he was not from some big aristocratic family. Was it possible that he was apprenticed to some ancient sage or extraordinary hermit who liked to live in the remote and secluded mountains?
Qin Xingxuan found that Lin Ming was filled with riddles, and she continued to test him. The more they exchanged the more she was surprised! This Lin Ming was not like he seemed! There were 3600 lines and 4900 symbols which added to more than 8000 different kinds, and he casually listed them, as if he were familiar with each one!
Compared to Qin Xingxuan’s surprise, the Elder Senior Sister was already floored by their conversation and remained confused on the sidelines as the two inscriptionists spoke to each other in what seemed to be a different and completely heavenly language; she could only look on at Xingxuan who showed increasing amazement and admiration.
The Elder Senior Sister understood Xingxuan very well. Do not be fooled by Qin Xingxuan’s elegant and cool expression! She treated everyone with good manners and effortless grace, but the truth was that the natural sixth ranked talent and her immense strength had doomed her heart with the soul of arrogance. Before now, she had never given anyone of the same generation such a high appraisal.
Finally the Elder Senior Sister became numb. She only understood one thing; today it would be impossible to confiscate this boy’s Pass Card!
Sh*t! To think she would make such a big mistake! She stomped her feet on the ground! To think that this random hick kind could actually be some sort of inscription talent!
This Elder Senior Sister was really going to go mad!
Gradually, Qin Xingxuan’s expression grew increasingly respectful from the tone when the exchange started it became progressively humble. She found that by conversing with Lin Ming, her knowledge of symbols and energy structures insights had a broadened outlook due to his unique understanding and depth of knowledge. It was a great and rewarding feeling.
Qin Xingxuan was able to confirm her suspicions that Lin Ming was a rare talent that could only emerge once a century. But behind him was an even greater mystery! This shadow master who taught him could only be an Inscription Master of absolute knowledge and authority! Even if compared with her own teacher, it was like comparing a candle to the raging sun!
Exactly what kind of origin did this youth have?
Qin Xingxuan had great interest in Lin Ming, not mention the exchanges they had in which she just profited, but Lin Ming himself, and the mystery teacher behind him had extraordinary significance to the Qin Family!
With that thought, Qin Xinghuan said, "Fellow student, it’s about time to begin zither lessons, so I’ll have to excuse myself. It was very wonderful talking to you today. If possible, perhaps after the zither lecture ends, then little Xingxuan would like to ask you to go to the Great Clarity Pavilion for a quick meal, and... explore... the principles of inscription techniques together. Is this agreeable with the fellow student?"
Qin Xinghuan’s sweet and dulcet voice was very persuasive, and coupled with her sincere expression and heavenly appearance; it was hard for any male to refuse.
The truth was that Lin Ming did not want to reject her. Not only was Qin Xinghuan’s background impressive and she herself beautiful, she was also rare in that she treated others well and did not have any airs of superiority. In front of such a girl it was impossible to have any hint of malice.
However Lin Ming was too tight on time and the exam for the Seven Profound Martial House was only three months away. He needed to make money during this period with the inscription technique to purchase the medicines he needed, and then engrave the inscriptions on the medicines and further his own cultivation as quickly as he could, all in order to enter the Seven Profound Martial House.
Even if he entered the Seven Profound Martial House he would still need strength. There was still that slimy Zhu Yan that would undoubtedly be eyeing him for a fight. If he didn’t increase his strength then he couldn’t even be considered a worthy opponent for Zhu Yan, and would be stepped all over miserably!
Lin Ming was simply uninterested to stay in the zither class, then have lunch with a beautiful woman, and after lunch continue chatting with the day disappearing without any of them keeping track, and then exchanging contact information with the aim of meeting again.  For Qin Xingxuan this was good and dandy, but for Lin Ming he would learn nothing! After all, just in the exchange right now, it was Qin Xingxuan who had picked up all the advantages and insights, and there was no new knowledge or inspirations that she could confer upon Lin Ming!
So Lin Ming somewhat regrettably refused and said, "I’m very sorry but today I have some things to do, so I must hurry back."
"Oh... I... well, I should have known." Qin Xingxuan said with regret and her cheeks flushed red. She had asked him and had not considered the possibility of rejection. In fact, Qin Xingxuan since her childhood days had never once invited a boy of the same age as her to eat a meal! But she has been asked out countless times! All of which she rejected as she ate together with her close friend. When refusing others time and feelings, she had absolutely no feelings towards it. But this time she was the one rejected, and her number one discovery was that the taste of rejection was also very bitter, as if she suffered from an injustice. After all even though she came from a large aristocratic family, in the heart of her heart she was still a 15 year old young girl!
To Lin Ming’s rejection, the Elder Senior Sister’s brain short-circuited and she almost ran up to slap him around. In her mind was only one thought! This guy... this guy actually refused the one and only Qin Xingxuan!
My god!
Is such a thing even possible on this beautiful world!?
Is he really a man!?
"Hey you, stop! Stop, do you hear me! Do you even know who she is?!" The Elder Senior Sister yelled in utter disbelief. Although it wasn’t evident from just looking at Qin Xingxuan’s cool expression, but because they were the closest of friends, she knew what the poor girl was thinking. How could she let this little punk get away with harming the heart of her dearest friend? Why must men always be this cruel and thoughtless? This was what scholars called a true miscarriage of justice!
This man truly was a hateful specimen of all mankind. Let alone the most stunning beauty Xingxuan, even if a random girl plucked from the Zither Department were to be presented, she would cause hordes of men to run over like dogs. This boy didn’t know his own limits!
For any man to just simply reject Qin Xingxuan like it was just another day; this must have been a dream!
Lin Ming’s heart mourned. He certainly knew who Qin Xingxuan was, but it wasn’t like he could reveal his plans, so he tried to skirt around the subject, "Elder Senior Sister, I really do have something I must do, I’m not lying to you here.
"Who the hell are you calling Elder Senior Sister you little rascal? Look, I’m not going to quibble with you over such small matters, so I’m going to show some grace and lend you some servants to do whatever it is that you needed to do, however unimportant it may be." The Elder Senior Sister stood in front of Lin Ming with her hands firmly set on her waist and blocked him from leaving. Although her family background wasn’t anywhere near as grand as Qin Xingxuan’s, she was also from an aristocratic family, and dispatching a few servants to handle matters in Sky Fortune City was simplicity itself.
Lin Ming was at a loss of words, this maiden was too overbearing and haughty, he said, "My business is cultivation, I just don’t have the time in these few upcoming months to spare."
The Elder Senior Sister wanted to say something, but Qin Xingxuan interrupted her, "Let this fellow student leave, perhaps it is his master calling him."
In Qin Xingxuan’s mind, with Lin Ming’s accomplishments at his young age, he must have focused most of his life’s attention on diligently practicing. In these cases it was only natural that his mysterious master would arrange harsh lessons for him every day.
Hearing these words of hers, Lin Ming felt relief in his heart. Although he had spoken the truth, and he was just a tad more mentally mature compared to these two beauties, he could not relax because of their overwhelming strength and backgrounds. With just a word alone, they could crush him!
As Lin Ming prepared to leave, Qin Xingxuan smiled and said, "My name is Qin Xingxuan, if fellow student is ever finished with his cultivation and has some time to spare, please come to the Marshal’s Quarters to look for me. Your presence will always be welcome."
Lin Ming paused in his step, and told her his name, "Lin Ming."
Then Lin Ming walked away. Staring at his departing back, Qin Xingxuan could only sigh. What sort of characters were used to spell his name? Was it Lin as in forest, and Ming as in bright? With just these two characters, there would be too many duplicates in Sky Fortune City.
How would she find him in this city?
...
...
...
As he returned from the Seven Profound Martial House, Lin Ming had already decided what he needed. The Sky Fortune Kingdom did produce Sky Worm Silk, but it was mainly used for instruments. With his martial arts background, it was difficult for him to find and purchase. However, he could have Lin Xiaodong request the family to purchase some, as such a large family certainly had musicians and it would be easy to obtain as long as one paid the market price.
From the 'Sky Zither List’, Lin Ming could tell the approximate price of Sky Worm Silk was about 20 taels of gold per foot. Although it didn’t sound too expensive, it was because Sky Worm Silk was very thin and light. If calculated in weight, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that it would require over a 10,000 taels of gold to purchase a single pound!
Lin Ming only had 70 gold taels, so he could purchase three feet. At the trade fair he had spent 800 taels of gold to buy a massive pile of materials, but just three feet of Sky Worm Silk would cost 60 taels of gold. These three feet of silk would no doubt be light, and it only proved that it was prohibitively expensive.
Lin Ming tacked a calendar onto his bedpost with pages equal to the number of days he had left. He would rip one off every day. The first month he would spend practicing the inscription technique, and the other two months he would purchase the medicines he needed and then cultivate like a mad man! He believed that with elixirs and pills, he would be able to break through the First Stage of Body Transformation, and perhaps even reach the peak of the Second Stage!
If he could reach the peak of the Second Stage, then even if he couldn’t exceed Zhu Yan, at least he would not suffer a disastrous loss.
After using his true essence to practice a hundred times, Lin Ming finally began the formal steps for inscription that involved materials. This was how most inscription masters started, but Lin Ming did not have the luxury to casually waste the materials he had! He had to treat each and every precious attempt with the utmost care. With this pile of materials that costed 800 taels of gold, he had to come out with at least a single viable inscription!
Inscription not only required good perception, it also needed a good teacher, financial support, and most of all, a powerful soul force.
Because in the inscription process, one had to control the engraving marks by using their soul force to draw the energy structure. Lin Ming’s soul force had already been measured as a child, and it was also a third grade soul force.
The third grade soul force and third grade martial talent could be considered decent. To an aristocratic family with no history of martial arts, it was good, but it certainly wasn’t anywhere near the top.
Martial artists in the Body Transformation stage did not have many reasons to use their soul force, so this was Lin Ming’s first time utilizing this form of energy. He began to mobilize his soul force in accordance with the memories found in the soul fragment. He circulated this soul force in his body, familiarizing with it, and moving it with his mind.
All living beings had soul force, but being able to consciously move it was something that the average person did not dare to achieve. It required the soul law formulas, and needed daily rigorous practice. Many inscription masters had managed to memorize the varieties of symbols and basic structures, but if their time studying the soul law formulas was inadequate, it would result in them not being to use soul force. If one could not use the soul force, then the material could not be utilized. As a result, they would not even have the qualifications to waste these goods!
As soon as Lin Ming began to revolve the soul law formula, a feeling of deep peace came from the memories of the soul fragment; it filled him with a familiar sensation. This soul law formula that he used, the elder who the memories had belonged to, must have used it a truly terrifying number of times before his death. With this kind of familiar feeling, it was as if Lin Ming had been practicing inscription techniques for his entire life, and he felt his fatigue fade away. Not only that, but the majority of his soul force was retained and he did not need to worry about any negative influence from the memories.
He gently placed out his hand and the invisible soul force began to tug at the Sky Wind Grass roots and suck out the juices. Using his mind, Lin Ming began to practice changing the juice into various shapes under his control; sometimes he made it into thin strings, sometimes he condensed it into a crystal clear bubble.
This level of ease even caused Lin Ming to be surprised. He knew that in the cheap manual, it had stated that for those that could utilize soul law formulas, those with inborn talent of perception would only need one month, while those with lesser talent could practice for half a year and still have no results.
Each inscription master had their own personal soul law formula. The soul law formulas naturally had their different rankings, as some were worse and some were better. Inscription masters thus naturally regarded their own soul law formulas with great love and care! It was something that they might not even pass down to their disciples, because the soul law formula would directly influence the ability to utilize the soul force. It was of the highest importance to an inscription master!
Without a shadow of doubt, the 'Overbearing Soul Tactic’ within the memories of the elder was at the apex of soul law formulas! Even the Sky Spill Continent’s greatest inscription masters were nothing but little bumpkin children compared to this great elder.
Adding that Lin Ming had a familiarity with the law soul formula that originated from the memories, in practice his third grade soul force talent was on par with a fourth grade talent, or perhaps even a fifth grade! These were the precious techniques that had been left by the memories!
His five fingers easily formed a simple seal, and a surge of soul force entered the drop of Sky Wind Grass juice. Lin Ming’s fingers drew a line in the air that shined with a sparkling light. The soul force interacted with the Sky Wind Grass juice and rapidly coalesced into a pleasant and mystical rune.
The rune was smaller than a fingernail, yet it contained a complex energy. Even within the same rune, because of the subtle differences in shape, technique, strength of the soul force, and other factors, ten thousand inscription masters would have ten thousand different manifestations. And within these there would be those of lesser or greater profundity. Lin Ming could not tell whether the symbol rune he created was garbage or treasure, but he was still satisfied with his result.
He began to create his next symbol rune. He had only used half a drop of the Sky Wind Grass juice, so he still had half a drop remaining. His fingers twisted as he formed another seal, and began to condense his soul force with the half drop into another seal. However as soon as the seal flashed, there was a slight murmur in Lin Ming’s soul force which caused degradation in the output. Lin Ming could only gaze on as that half drop of liquid turned into floating ash.
Lin Ming could only sigh and bite his tongue. It required about a jin of roots in order to create that single drop, and it cost a few taels of gold for those roots. For the general populace, that was the monthly income of an entire family.
It was hard to imagine, but for those that had just begun studying inscription techniques, there was no way for their soul force to be stable, and thus failure was an everyday occurrence, and successes were the true miracles.
In the blink of an eye, a few taels of gold had evaporated into the air. In one day it was easy to spend a few hundred taels of gold on practicing inscription techniques. It truly was burning away money! With the taste of failure still fresh in his mouth, Lin Ming became increasingly cautious. He moved his fingers again to form a seal, and one by one, more inscriptions emerged from his hands. Of course, he failed more often than he succeeded, but as time went on the number of failures began to decrease.
As Ling Ming produced more runes, he began to discover than his own scant soul force was just too weak, and this was related to his First Stage of Body Transformation. Even with the top tier 'True Primal Chaos Formula’ and 'Overbearing Soul Tactic’ supporting him, he couldn’t continue for much longer.
Using such little soul force, Lin Ming couldn’t form the runes as easily as he could before. Moreover, more faults began to show in them due to a lack of soul force, and with each fault that occurred, it was also a waste of soul force!
As his soul force became increasingly low, Lin Ming’s inscription process was only at the halfway point. However he began to have difficulties in sustaining the soul force, and without him sensing, the soul force in his body had become too exhausted and a wave of dizziness passed him. The runes in front of him began to vibrate, as they verged to on the border of being shattered!
Lin Ming’s heart jumped, and he quickly stabilized his soul force. In an instant his palms were covered in sweat. He had almost made a mess of things! How many tens of taels of gold would have disappeared!?
But Lin Ming could see that shining gold pot at the end of the sweat-covered rainbow. He slugged right on through!
Lin Ming spent half of his concentration on maintaining the integrity of the symbol runes with his true essence, and the other half of his concentration was directing the 'True Primal Chaos Formula’ to speed up the rate of true essence absorption. With these two opposing thoughts in his mind, he failed his inscription!
After five consecutive failures and five piles of materials turned to ash, Lin Ming came to the realization that he was completely unable to complete the inscription before he ran out of true essence. After spending such a long time on these futile efforts, he finally cut off the soul force. The remaining seals in the air trembled, and then detonated in a succession of brilliant sparkles.
Looking at the beautiful brilliance, Lin Ming felt a stabbing pain in his heart. This was money! This was all his money...
Although he didn’t expect the first time to be successful, but losing so much gold was hard on him. The only silver lining was that he had not arrived at the stage where he had to use his most rare and expensive material, the Sky Worm Silk!
His leftover material was about enough for ten more attempts. If he was unable to complete an inscription before then, then he would be dead broke and unable to continue any further.
Any other inscription master would have listened to his thoughts and coughed blood. Wanting to succeed in ten more attempts? What a fantasy! This was his first time attempting inscription, let alone completing an inscription in the next ten tries, a normal inscription student would have trouble even drawing up a successful line!
Lin Ming gathered the residual ashes of the materials, and began to recount his mistakes from a moment ago. The memories that he inherited from the elder weren’t wrong, but it was just that the gap of soul force between them was simply too vast. He might not even be able to complete a simple inscription.
These inscription techniques in the elder’s memory may have been considered simple and light by him, but in the Sky Spill continent, they were still incomparably complicated godly techniques. Once drawn, even the inscription masters of this land would be shocked!
After summarizing the reasons for his failure, Lin Ming began to plot countermeasures.  He couldn’t enhance his own soul force in such a short time, but what he could do was minimize the mistakes he made as much as possible. It was simply because each mistake was a waste of soul force. If he made less mistakes, then he would not only have more materials and thus money, but more soul force to use.
Thinking like this, Lin Ming gave up using materials and instead only practiced using his soul force again and again like an unthinking zombie.
His idea was very simple. Using soul force was free and it was easy on the body. If he practiced the 'True Primal Chaos Formula’ well, then he wouldn’t lose anything, but would also be able to practice at the same time. What could possibly be more perfect! It was as if these two were made for each other.
As long as he didn’t waste any money, then he had no fears! It didn’t matter if he practiced 100 times. If that wasn’t enough he would practice 1000 times. If that wasn’t enough he would practice 10,000 times, or 100,000 times or even a million times, until the process became a reflex, and then he wouldn’t believe that he would fail again!
...
...
..
Sky Fortune City. Marshal’s Quarters
In Sky Fortune City, two complexes were considered the most grandiose and splendid architectural achievements, the Imperial Palace, and the Marshal’s Quarters, which was situated in the Sky Fortune City’s northwest corner.  The Marshal’s Quarters was three miles long from one end to the other, and it was a thousand steps wide. There were rocky waterfalls with beautiful flowers, and a winding corridor garden, along with countless waterside pavilions. It truly was breathtaking.
Right now, in the Marshal’s Quarters library pavilion, was an elderly man wearing a long gown and carrying a gold gilded bird cage. Next to him stood a peaceful looking girl in white; it was Qin Xingxuan.
"Oh? So there is someone like that out there? Even you were humbly defeated by him?"
"Mm." Qin Xingxuan politely nodded. The old man was her master, Sky Fortune City’s most prestigious and famous inscription master, Mister Muyi.
Qin Xingxuan had a very good memory; she completely recounted the events that had happened, even every word of Lin Ming’s. After the old man listened, his expression grew increasingly dignified. At first he assumed that his young student was in love and being modest about some boy she liked, but it seemed like she really was inferior. Moreover, that youth’s knowledge was too rich and experienced; it wasn’t likely to come from someone in the Sky Fortune Kingdom, but instead some ancient master from another, more developed land.
After she finished, she also described how Lin Ming drew up the foundation lines and symbols with such ease and fluidity. It wasn’t something that she was capable of doing.
"Being able to draw the foundation lines with soul force, but also not stopping and still being able to grasp the intricacies of the energy of each point... what is this?" Muyi said with surprise.
"Mm..." Muyi inhaled. He had always dreamt of performing this so called drawing by instinct, but one need millions, if not billions of attempts to even think of it. Did this young boy start practicing while he was still kicking around in his mother’s womb?
"You’re really sure that he is 15 or 16 years old?"
"Yes." Qin Xingxuan replied with certainty.
"Marvelous, marvelous!" Muyi sighed, "Such a small age and he is already this accomplished. It truly is amazing; this is the first time in my life seeing such a heaven defying young talent! I thought I’d only hear of geniuses like this in legends. But I’m even more curious about who this boy’s master would be." Muyi thought in vain. In his mind, he considered the entire Sky Fortune Kingdom, and even several nearby countries, but he could not think of any hidden inscription master who could compare with this elder.
Even though Muyi could not think of anyone, in terms of inscription knowledge he was considered the forefront expert in the Sky Fortune Kingdom, and even in neighboring countries he would be well compared to their own inscription masters. But compared to this mysterious elder, he could not say that he had any chance of winning!
Muyi said, "I cannot think of anyone who is capable of teaching such a talented disciple. But if I ventured a guess, then the young boy’s master might have come from some ancient clan."
"Ancient clan?" Qin Xinghuan startled. Sky Spill Continent was vast, and had many thousands or millions of years of traditions of ancient clans. These clans had incomparably deep and profound heritages and legacies!
For instance, just the most recent clan of Sky Fortune Kingdom had established the Seven Profound Martial House. They were the Seven Profound Valleys. They likely had their own secret masters and legacies.
Twelve years ago, the Seven Profound Valleys’ elders arrived at Sky Fortune Kingdom, and even the Imperial Family had to be respectful. Qin Xingxuan’s master, Mister Muyi, was considered the top inscription master in the country, but to the large clans, he wasn’t anything special.
Muyi said, "Xingxuan, if you see him next time, be sure to ask him to stay so that I can personally introduce myself. This youth isn’t so simple. Even if he has a master that comes from some ancient clan, for him to have this degree of ability is simply heaven defying in this day and age. Also, be polite to him and treat him with respect. His master is a person of inconceivable skill, which the entire Sky Fortune capital cannot disrespect; nor afford to offend."
"Yes, Master."
...
...
...
As the day passed, Lin Ming tore off another page from the calendar. Lin Ming had been practicing inscriptions every day. Every sort of symbol and line and rune had been practiced god knows how many times, and each was thoroughly imprinted in his heart.
Using soul force day and night was very tiring to his spirit and mind, so his eyes were always red with exhaustion. His true essence had long been wrung dry. He was constantly like a lamp without any oil. But he had gained some benefits. Lin Ming discovered that besides the progress in his inscription technique, his perception had become increasingly sensitive.
Now he was still deboning in the Great Clarity Pavilion, but even if it was a second-level vicious beast, Lin Ming could easily perceive the entire structure of the beast,  avoid the bones, and let his knife smoothly follow through the solid flesh of a second-level vicious beast. Lin Ming needed only an incense stick worth of time to completely finish!
At such a monstrous speed, the Great Clarity Pavilion’s staff were astonished at first and didn’t believe it, but after seeing it, they became numb to disbelief. Now in the Great Clarity Pavilion, Lin Ming had a much higher status. His work hours were optional and even rush hour was optional! His wages were no less than those of master chefs!
With such treatment, any employee would be satisfied. And although Lin Ming was privileged, he still kept deboning for two hours per day. It was also a form of practice to him; deboning was a good way to take advantage of the soul force utilization.
However, Lin Ming soon found himself not being able to work the two hours. There just weren’t enough vicious beasts in the entirety of the Great Clarity Pavilion. Indeed, all of the storehouse’s stocked goods were already sliced and prepped by Lin Ming. When Sister Lan, who was responsible for checking the kitchen daily, went to the ice storehouse, she saw that all of the vicious beasts had been turned into neat piles of meat and bone. Not only that, but each piece was uniform in size and marbling. Sister Lan was naturally speechless.
This young boy was simply a machine!
Finally, it was the last ten days of the first month. Lin Ming had prepared both his mind and the materials. It was time to start the inscription once again!
Today, Lin Ming had prepared as well as he possibly could; solely in the tracing of the lines and symbols, he was no less than those lofty masters!
Manipulating the Sky Wind Grass juice, Lin Ming opened both his hands and a single drop of emerald liquid flew into the air where it steadily remained.
Looking at this liquid green pearl, Lin Ming closed his eyes as his hands flashed and formed a series of seals. These movements had long ago been printed in his mind, and along with memories of the soul fragment, these complex signs were as instinctual as breathing.
With a deep breath, Lin Ming began. His ten fingers flowed like a branches in a storm, and they even collided with each other as his speed of seal formation was too fast. His fingers blurred as another drop of liquid from a different material flew into the air. With his soul force at full strength, Lin Ming rapidly formed the beautiful and mysterious inscription symbols. In order to preserve his soul force, Lin Ming had started working on another material before the first had finished!
In this high-intensity and highly complicated plan, Lin Ming’s error rate was low extremely low.
When the inscription was half finished, Ming began to feel the strain.
When the inscription was two-thirds complete, Lin Ming felt that his soul force was reaching its end, and he began to revolve the 'True Primal Chaos Formula.’
With that on his mind, the chance that a problem would arise also increased. Lin Ming clenched his teeth and pressed on. He still had to divide the several materials to use them to draw the final rune.
"Sky Worm Silk...has completed!" The tense Lin Ming finally let loose a breath of relief. Sky Worm Silk was what he lacked the most, he could now allow for failure here.
"There are five runes..." Lin Ming counted the number in his heart as his soul force reached the limit.
'Four...Three...Two...."
"Success!"
Lin Ming finished the inscription at this moment. The sparkling runes shined and flashed for a brief moment as they coalesced into an inscription the size of a square inch. It hung there suspended in air.
Lin Ming had almost collapsed, but as he looked at this completed inscription floating in air, he felt nothing but absolute joy! This small inscription was like his precious child; he had spent a month of inhuman suffering and massive amounts of money to raise it up!
The elder had named this inscription the 'Overwhelming Symbol.’ This title was a tad too vulgar and childish, but stemming from the respect that Lin Ming held for this elder in his heart, he did not change its name. It was the 'Overwhelming Symbol!’
Lin Ming had bought fifteen of the cheapest symbol papers at one to two taels of gold per dozen. With just a slight bit of soul force, the 'Overwhelming Symbol’ fell onto the symbol paper. Gold lines converged to form ancient runes on the symbol paper. The symbol paper truly was plain, and the overall effect made it look bland and unremarkable.
At the last minute of forming the symbol paper, Lin Ming changed the outwards design appearance with his soul force. It resembled a flame pattern.
This kind of design left on the inscription treasures would become a sign. His sign! Many inscription masters had their own personalized designs as a mark of their work.
Lin Ming decided on flames, as flames represented rebirth into nirvana.
Cultivating a martial path was a trial by fire. Pain was constant, and danger was ever present. Travelling down this path would burn one into ashes! Only those that have firm hearts and immeasurable wills would be able to be rebirthed through the flames, and become a dragon or phoenix that ascends like a god into the skies!
Lin Ming carefully received this precious symbol paper. He opened the window and the fresh air and bright sunlight sprinkled down on him and reflected on his bloodshot eyes. He was bone tired with exhaustion and wanted to go to sleep right away, but Lin Ming had an unprecedented sense of satisfaction.
Time left before the Seven Profound Martial House’s exam – two months and ten days!
...
...
...
In the past five days Lin Ming had branded his last inscription onto the symbol paper. Thus, all his materials had been thoroughly exhausted. He had managed to altogether create four copies of the 'Overwhelming Symbol.’
Looking at these symbol papers, Lin Ming has an unforgettable sense of achievement. Now he wanted to sell these four symbol papers!
At the last trade fair, Master Baihong’s engraved inscription had sold for 1500 taels of gold. Clearly this was affected by the renown of the inscription master. Lin Ming had not sold any inscriptions before so he was not famous or well known, but he was confident in his work. This inscription came from the Realm of the Gods! Its effect compared to that of Master Baihong’s work was like the Heavens and Earth; there was simply no comparison.
In that elder’s memory, the 'Overwhelming Symbol’ was merely the most basic inscription, but it was enough to use on a superior piece of equipment, a third grade piece of equipment. If used on lower grade equipment, then the effect would increase by at least sixty percent!
Not only that, but the 'Overwhelming Symbol’ also granted equipment an additional skill!
Some top tier inscription techniques can add additional skills to equipment. By concentrating soul force, it was possible to use these skills. They ranged from energy attacks, armor increasing shields, illusionary techniques, to demonic techniques and more!
Lin Ming’s inscription, if engraved on a weapon, would give that weapon a skill called the 'instant violent strike.’
The small inscription rune was in fact a complex array. When the user concentrated a massive amount of soul force into the weapon, the inscription would absorb this energy, compress it to the limit, and then instantly erupt! In a close combat battle, this move was truly formidable in its lethality.
Lin Ming didn’t actually believe his inscription was as amazing as the ones he recounted in the elder’s memories. There was also definitely no way for a piece of equipment to achieve a 60% increase in power at his current level. As for that 'instant violent strike,’ Lin Mind did not know if it actually would work because the inscription technique was too complex. After making the end product, all those runes and symbols were concentrated in that tiny inscription so it was difficult for even the creator to judge the ability of the end product. There were just too many possible structures, and a corresponding number of possible mistakes. In the worst case scenario the weapon might even blow up! As long as there was the tiniest of problems, the entire inscription would have to be sold at great discount.
Lin Ming finally had a night of full rest, and slept blissfully until the early morning. His soul force and energy were in peak condition. He asked Lin Xiaodong for some trade fairs and auction house addresses, and then departed with his symbol papers.
He had bought some new clothes included a hooded cape that covered his face. Although the trade fairs and auction houses always had a good reputation for safety, and wouldn’t leak the identity of patrons, it was best to be careful. After all, if the four symbol papers were sold for any high price, then if that person were known, they might rob and kill them for their possessions.
Lin Ming first went to the official Sky Fortune City Auction Hall. There were many auction halls in Sky Fortune City, and there wasn’t one that stood out among the rest, so he chose one with a slightly better reputation.
As long as these four symbol papers sold, he would be able to purchase the materials for medicine!
However as Lin Ming approached the auction house, he thought that it was just too simple.