Night. The round moon was hanging high and stars filled the sky. However, within the river of stars, there were 9-coloured lights lingering amongst them and they were especially dazzling. "Abnormal signs appear in the sky, which means a Divine Body will descend." On the summit of the Imperial City in the Nine Provinces. An old man in golden clothes stood with his hand behind his back and he was looking up into the night sky. Behind him were tens of thousands of Imperial City experts. All of them were half-knelt as if waiting for some command. Suddenly, the lights condensed and formed into 9-coloured lightning. It came striking down from above the river of stars and the heavens. At that instant, the black night became a white day. Even before the strike of the lightning, the ground was already rumbling and fiercely trembling. But that 9-coloured lightning. The moment it collided with the land, it did not do any terrifying damage. Rather, it completely disappeared. At the same time, the world was enveloped by the night once again. The originally bright night sky darkened quite a bit, as if some important essence was removed, and the former serene days were restored. The old man's eyes were abnormally bright and his excited body was even trembling. He pointed towards the location in which the lightning had landed. "Within the borders of the Azure Province, bring all the infants that were born tonight back to the Imperial City!" "Yes sir!" The thunder-like response resonated past the horizon and tens of thousand Imperial City experts headed towards the Azure Province. They swore to look for the Divine Body and give it to the imperial court for use. Time passed. 5 years elapsed with a blink and although people still remembered the frightening scene that year, no one knew the actions of the imperial court. Within the borders of the Azure Province of the Nine Provinces. Amongst the countless of schools, the Azure Dragon School was one of them. Today, once again, it was the annual recruitment of disciples for the Azure Dragon School. There were oceans of people outside of the school. Every time, the busiest people were the outer court disciples. All the responsibilities of the admittance for the school were all pushed onto their heads. Outer court disciples. They were the ones that did the hard and thankless tasks. Not only were their position lowest in the school, they were even looked down upon by outsiders. The reason was very simple. If they were an outer court disciple, it meant that their aptitude was horrible and in their entire life, it would be very hard for them to have any big achievements, so naturally. they were despised upon. "Oi, what's with this attitude? Do you know who I am?" A lady who wore gorgeous clothes had a boy with her as she pointed and loudly yelled at a young man. "I am very sorry. It is already late now and the school will close soon. Please come back tomorrow." The young man's delicate face was still young and tender, but between his eyebrows, he had a bit of heroic spirit. He was called Chu Feng. He was 15 this year and he was one of the tens of thousands of outer court disciples in the Azure Dragon School. Although he was an outer court disciple, Chu Feng was different from all the others. He did not feel inferior to others and he did not degrade himself. He did not feel afraid or scared while treating others and he was very calm. "Come back tomorrow... You think I'm an idiot? These are the mountains! Where are you even going to let us sleep?" "You must arrange a place of residence for me, or else I'll go find your elders for reasoning." The lady did not listen and did not care. She even grabbed onto Chu Feng's clothes. "Chu Feng, have you met with trouble?" But just at that time, a sweet voice could be heard. Looking at that direction, a young female who wore purple was walking over. Although there was a faint smile on her mouth, her eyes were fierce and they tightly stared at the lady. As she saw the young female, the colour of the lady's face instantly changed and a strong expression of fear gushed out. It was not because of anything else. It was just because the young female was wearing the purple robe, and that was a mark of the inner disciples. The lady hiddenly cursed. She originally thought she could use her status to make things difficult for the young man in front of her. Who would have thought that the unremarkable young man in front of her had the support of an inner disciple? The inner disciples were an existence that she couldn't offend. "It's nothing it's nothing, I was just inquiring some things from him." The lady explained while smiling. The young female glared at her and only said one word,  "Scram. "At that instant, the lady's body couldn't help but tremble and her face was already ashen. But she did not hesitate at all. She pulled the boy and quickly left, and under the panic she even tripped, which made her look very rough. Seeing that, Chu Feng helplessly shook his head and said politely to the young female next to him,  "Thank you very much Chu Yue." "No need to be so polite, we're family right?" Chu Yue was a bit displeased. She was correct. They were indeed family. They came from the same family, Chu. Chu Yue was Chu Feng cousin, from Chu Feng's father's brother line and she was only 1 year older than Chu Feng. However, Chu Yue already passed the inner disciple exam 3 years ago and became an inner disciple. She was now in the 4th level of the Spirit realm. "We need to follow the school rules." Chu Feng said with a brilliant smile. Looking at Chu Feng behaving like that, Chu Yue's heart ached, "Chu Feng, are you still not going to participate in this year's inner disciple exam? Or is it that you still haven't reached the 3rd level of the Spirit realm?" Chu Feng did not respond and a faint smile still hung on his face. No one knew what he meant. Seeing that, Chu Yue took off a bag from her waist and put it in Chu Feng's hands, "Refine it. Perhaps it'll help you break through the 3rd level." Chu Feng opened the bag and instantly, strong spiritual energy was emitted from it. A bright, sparkling, transparent Saint Spirit Grass that was the size of a finger laid within. "Chu Yue. This is too precious, I can't take it." Chu Feng hurriedly returned it back to Chu Yue. Saint Spirit Grass. It was like a panacea for martial training and it was extremely precious. It had endless usefulness for those within the Spirit realm. To increase their training speed, the Chu family would supplement one Saint Spirit Grass to the Chu family members every year. Chu Yue was also supplemented by the family, but she didn't use it and gave it to Chu Feng. It really moved Chu Feng, so he really couldn't accept it. "When I say I give it to you, you should take it. You are my little brother after all." Chu Yue was slightly irritated. "Oh? When were you so generous and even started to give Saint Spirit Grasses to people?" "Look, I am your little brother as well, and coincidentally, I will almost have a breakthrough into 4th level of the Spirit realm. How about you give the Saint Spirit Grass to me?" A young man around the age of Chu Feng walked over and he was also wearing clothes of the inner court disciples. He was called Chu Zhen and he was also from the Chu family. Five years ago, he entered the Azure Dragon School at the same time as Chu Feng. However, he became an inner disciple 2 years ago. "Chu Zhen, you've already broke past the 3rd level of the Spirit realm and successfully condensed spiritual energy. Even if you don't have this Saint Spirit Grass you can rank up quickly." "But Chu Feng has not condensed spiritual energy yet, so this Saint Spirit Grass is more important to him." Chu Yue forcibly put the Saint Spirit Grass into Chu Feng's hands. "Yep, you are correct, but sadly he doesn't want it." Chu Zhen spread his hands open and sneered. Who said that I didn't want it?" But then, Chu Feng lightly smiled and unrestrainedly put the Saint Spirit Grass in his pocket before saying,  "Chu Yue, I will borrow this Saint Spirit Grass. On a later date I will return them back twofold." "Mm, okay." Seeing that Chu Feng accepted it, Chu Yue was already happy, so she just randomly responded and didn't care whether Chu Feng would return it back or not. "If you're taking it then why return it? Giving you this Saint Spirit Grass for you to use is such a waste." Chu Zhen's face had a really ugly look on it. Chu Feng just smiled and ignored him. He then said to Chu Yue, "Chu Yue, I will participate in this year's inner disciple exam." "Hmph, you? If you can pass the inner disciple exam, I'll give this year's supplemented Saint Spirit Grass to you." Chu Zhen looked at Chu Feng with contempt. "Is that true?" Chu Feng didn't really believe it. "Chu Yue will be the witness. But what if you can't pass it?" "Then the Saint Spirit Grass I get this year will belong to you." Leaving that sentence behind, Chu Feng continued to throw himself into the work of outer court disciples. "Chu Zhen, we are family. Why do you always need to make things so hard for Chu Feng?" Chu Yue looked at Chu Zhen with annoyance. "Family? Chu Yue, you should know that that Chu Feng isn't part of our Chu family." "After entering the school for five years, he still hasn't passed the inner disciple exam. He is absolutely the disgrace of our Chu family." "In the entire Chu family, which one likes him? Only you treat him nicely and you even give your own Saint Spirit Grass to him for use." Chu Zhen really did not understand. "You are truly stupid." Chu Yue was a bit angry and after glaring at him for a moment, she walked away. On the other hand, Chu Zhen smiled. He really was happy. Although he didn't get Chu Yue's Saint Spirit Grass, he knew that this year, Chu Feng's Saint Spirit Grass would certainly be his. A bit into the night, in the resting area for the outer court disciples. It was complete darkness. After being busy for the entire day, everyone was very tired and they slept very early. Only Chu Feng's room was still lit up by light. He sat on the front of the bed, took out the Saint Spirit Grass that Chu Yue gave him and muttered,  "I hope this Saint Spirit Grass can make you full. "After saying that, Chu Feng closed both his eyes, clamped the Saint Spirit Grass between both his palms and did a strange hand seal. At that instant, the spiritual energy inside the Saint Spirit Grass started to enter Chu Feng's body through his palm and it converged into his dantian. At the same time, chewing sounds came from Chu Feng's dantian as if something was having a meal. If you looked through his skin, you would discover in the deep part of Chu Feng's dantian, a lump of lightning was occupying there. That lump of lightning had nine colours and every colour was like a huge lightning beast. It emitted a terrifying aura that did not belong to this world.
Chu Feng wasn't really from the Chu family. He was an adopted son by "Chu Yuan ", the fifth oldest in the Chu family. That caused Chu Feng to be pushed aside and to be humiliated at a small age. If it wasn't for Chu Yuan's protection, he would have already been kicked out of the Chu family. Because of that, Chu Feng was very thankful towards Chu Yuan, and swore to become the pride of Chu Yuan and to win back some honor. Five years ago, Chu Feng was exactly ten years old and it was the best age to train in the martial arts. The him at that time had many expectations for training, because he felt that the time to prove himself had arrived. However, he never would have thought after entering the Azure Dragon School for one month, lightning would strike his body and enter his dantian. At first, Chu Feng even thought it was good luck, because when he started training, his speed of improvement was astonishing. In two short months, he arrived at the 2nd level of the Spirit realm. That speed was completely abnormal, and because of that, Chu Feng didn't dare to tell it to anyone so he hid his strength and continued training. But the good scene did not last long. Just as Chu Feng thought he became a genius, change happened within his body. Because of that change, it made it so his cultivation stopped and did not move forward, and he was labeled to have the most horrible talent of a lifetime. At that time, the Saint Spirit Grass in Chu Feng's hands was being refined and absorbed by his dantian. His refining speed was extremely fast and it exceeded common sense. Normally, with Chu Feng's strength, it would take at least one month to refine the Saint Spirit Grass. However, looking at it now, it was already half-way refined just after a short while, and Chu Feng's dantian that felt like a never-ending cave also had a feeling of being full. Suddenly, light floated over Chu Feng's hand and the other half of the Saint Spirit Grass instantly disappeared. Also, at the same time, everything changed in Chu Feng's dantian. The nine lightning beasts interwove with each other. It was hurriedly moving, and it was actually condensing. Finally, it turned into a pill-like object. After the pill formed itself, endless spiritual energy surged out from it like a tide washing Chu Feng's body. Very soon, it permeated through his entire body. Chu Feng suddenly opened his eyes, and there were traces of lightning in them! An indescribable expression hung on his face. "I succeeded. After five years, I finally succeeded." Chu Feng was incomparably joyful. He jumped down from the bed, and as he walked around, he sized up his body. In the journey of martial cultivation, the known realms were the following:Spirit, Origin, Profound, and Heaven. Those were the four big realms, and every realm was divided into nine levels. The 1st level of the Spirit realm. The main point of it was to train the physical body with special methods, and to increase strength. But after reaching the 2nd level of the Spirit realm, one must use ways to condense spiritual energy. Only people who successfully condensed their spiritual energy in their dantian could truly start their path in martial cultivation. Chu Feng's body changed and it made it unable to condense spiritual energy. The Divine Lightning in his dantian were like nine hungry wild beasts. The spiritual energy that Chu Feng condensed would always be engulfed by that Divine Lightning. But he didn't give up. It was because he found out that although the Divine Lightning did engulf his spiritual energy, there was a limit. As long as he kept on providing spiritual energy towards his dantian, he could fill it up one day. And today, he finally succeeded. "This is a really strong feeling. Endless amounts of spiritual energy is surging into my body, as though it was going to break through my body." This feeling was inconceivable to Chu Feng. He never would have thought that the Divine Lightning would directly condense into a pill and occupy a place in the dantian. The spiritual energy that the Divine Lightning was giving off was very dense and it was beyond imagination. He knew that even with his five years of non-stop cultivation, he could not condense such strong spiritual energy. The reason why he could was because of that Divine Lightning. But just at that time, Chu Feng's body suddenly became stiff, and his expression also changed greatly. The Divine Lightning was changing. His power instantly increased by several times, and he suddenly broke through again and stepped into the 4th level of the Spirit realm. "Have the hard times stopped and the good times come?" Chu Feng tightly clenched his fist and he felt that the explosive power in his body was worth his five years of suffering. Suddenly continuously breaking through two levels, the unexplainable method of becoming strong finally returned. He used a severe gaze to look towards the direction of the inner court and muttered, "Chu Zhen, I'll be taking your Saint Spirit Grass." The Azure Dragon School's disciple recruitment only happened once a year and every time, it lasted for ten days. After ten days, the annual inner disciple exam would start. This time, Chu Feng who had been silent for five years would also participate. The exam location was a huge underground palace. Within the main hall of the underground palace, the number of people were like oceans and mountains and there were most likely over ten thousand people. Most of the people there were at the 3rd level of the Spirit realm because everyone knew that the inner disciple exam required one to be at least in the 3rd level to pass. However, there was also a small portion of disciples at the 2nd level and they wanted to try to pass it within the confusion. There were people like that every year, but most of them ended with failures. The thing worth mentioning though, was that there were also a small portion of 4th levels there. They were not mediocre people who trained slow, and in fact, some of them were even geniuses. They intentionally waited until they were at the 4th level of the Spirit realm before participating in the inner disciple exam. The reason? For the reward. When one reached the 3rd level, they could start training martial skills. Martial skills were very strong attacking methods. Not only could they thoroughly display strength, they could also make people gain power that exceeded the limits of their body. Because of that, martial skills were very precious, and even the rich and powerful families that has been existing for generations didn't have them. That was the reason why all sorts of families had to send their young generations into various schools for cultivation. In every school, there were a large amount of martial skills, and within the Azure Dragon School, as long as you become an inner court disciple, you could start cultivating the martial skills. Martial skills were also divided into ranks, and from the weakest to the strongest, there were nine ranks. Within the inner court, the best martial skill book was only a rank 3 one. But, within the annual inner disciple exam, the first person to pass it would get a rank 4 martial skill book. That was why those people would rather train in the outer court and not enter the inner court. It was for the rank 4 martial skill book. "Look, isn't that Yang Tian Yu?" "Waa, it really is him. He's already at the 4th level of the Spirit rank by the age of thirteen. It seems like first place in this exam will be him." In the ocean of people, one young man grabbed people's attention. To be more precise it was a boy. There were dozens of thousands of disciples in the outer court and most of them were unknown characters. However, the focal figures that people paid attention to were mostly geniuses, in which this Yang Tian Yu was one of them. "That may not be so. No matter how much aptitude Yang Tian Yu has, he is, at the end, a child. It would be very hard for him to get first." "There are many unknown talents in Azure Dragon School, and sometimes geniuses may not be able to beat the mediocre. For example, that Duan Yuxuan." Another outer court disciple pointed with his fingers at a cold young man. That person was called Duan Yuxuan. He has been in the Azure Dragon School for 6 years and he was also originally an unknown character. But a few months ago, he unexpectedly defeated an inner disciple who was in the 4th level of the Spirit realm. Because of that, his name was widespread and he became the focal character of the outer court. "Silence." Suddenly, a loud and clear sound echoed. Looking at the source, everyone couldn't help but stare blankly. They saw a dozen or so silhouettes appear on the high platform in the hall. Most of them were aged, old people, and they were the outer court elders. But not only was the leader young, she was even a beautiful female. The female was wearing a red, skin tight dress and it outlined her alluring curves. Especially under the dress, there were two straight, snow-white legs, and it could be said that they were perfect. Not only was her body attractive, her appearance was also extremely lovely. With round eyes, red lips, and an oval face, it was just like a fox face. She was the famous beauty elder of Azure Dragon School, Su Rou. Su Rou was a top-class character. She entered the Azure Dragon School at the age of 10, entered the inner court at the age of 12, and became a core disciple at the age of 15. But just as everyone were optimistic and thought that she would become Azure Dragon School's number 1 disciple, she suddenly became an elder. No one had the inside information about this change, and up to today, it was still a mystery and it was discussed enthusiastically by people. "Waa, it's Su Rou! Wasn't she supposed to be an elder in the inner court? Why did she come to the outer court?" With the appearance of Su Rou, all of the male disciples opened their mouths and some even drooled. The outer court disciples were very young. Most of them were teenagers and some were even children. To them at their age, a mature female like Su Rou had the most charm. Su Rou didn't have the air of the elders as she charmingly smiled towards the crowd and said gently, "The exam rules are very simple. Enter the gate behind me and come out from the other gate. With that, you pass the exam." "The only difference is that the first person to pass will get a rank 4 skill book. You can't even get this in the inner courts." "But something worth mentioning is that the person who is first this year will get another special reward." "Depending on one's perspective, this reward could be even more precious than the previous one... " After saying that, Su Rou intentionally lengthened the intonation. The enchanting air filled the entire hall.
"What would it be?" Someone asked curiously. "Elder Su Rou is giving her body?" Some were even shameless and had lewd thoughts. Although Su Rou was an elder, she was only 20 years old. Compared to the old antiques, she was a lot more easy-going. Because of that, a lot of people didn't worry at all when they talked like that. Su Rou only smiled charmingly in response to the guesses of the crowd. She raised five slim fingers, then said, "Five Saint Spirit Grasses." "What? Five Saint Spirit Grasses?" "I didn't hear wrong did I? The reward are Saint Spirit Grasses, and five?" With those words, the main hall went into chaos and everyone could not remain calm. Saint Spirit Grasses were extremely precious and even the Chu family could only give each person one per year. To ordinary people, Saint Spirit Grasses were priceless treasures and some had not even seen it before. Seeing that the Azure Dragon School could take out five of them, it was a huge temptation to the outer court disciples. But for most of the people, they could only dream about it because they knew that they had no chance in getting those Saint Spirit Grasses. However, to the disciples who were aiming to be the first, they were all eager to give it a try and they got even more excited. Su Rou nodded with satisfaction as she saw the high-spirits of the disciples. Then, she waved her hand. Behind her, rumbling noises came. The gate that was dozens of feet tall slowly opened. "What are you waiting for? Don't want to pass the exam?" Su Rou smiled beautifully as she looked at the disciples who were staring blankly. "Go! "At that moment, endless cheers resonated and the tens of thousands outer court disciples were like wild horses who got rid of its reins as they all rushed towards the huge gate. Chu Feng went along with the flow of people and continued forward. Finally, they entered a deep cave. The cave was very vast but it was very dark in there. The field of vision was extremely low and people knew the danger of traps that could be triggered at any moment. "Go! For the rank 4 skill, for the five Saint Spirit Grasses, go!" But of course, there were some people that cared about money and didn't care about their life. They knew that there was danger but they still went ahead by themselves and didn't even look back. There was even quite a few of people who were like that. But after going ahead for a hundred meters, whooshing sounds came in front and endless amounts of silver needles were shot out from the wall, and they shot towards the crowds as if it was rain. "Ah!" "Waa!" In an instant, all sorts of cries echoed. The disciples that rushed in front were caught off guard and over half of them fell. Regardless, people still continued forward and they did not have any traces of retreating. They madly ran deeper into the cave. Although the silver needle was strong, it wouldn't kill, and they knew that. After all, it was only a mechanism and to the people at the 3rd level of the Spirit realm, they could dodge it as long as they were careful. As they continued to go in deeper, the silver needles also got denser and denser and the people that they hit were usually caught off guard. In situations like those, the crowds quickly distanced themselves. The people who were running at the front were no longer people who came hoping they would pass in the confusion. They were strong people such as Yang Tian Yu and Duan Yuxuan. It had to be mentioned that those people were indeed not ordinary. As they walked in the storm-like needles, they needed to be extremely careful. But it was as though they were leveling the ground with their shoes and it didn't look like they were running through mechanisms at all. They were simply people in a running race. Chu Feng was always behind them in the Spirit realm army that consisted of people at the 3rd level. He did that for two reasons. Firstly, he didn't want to stand out. Secondly, his situation was very special and he didn't want to show his true strength too early. That was why he was waiting for a chance where he could surpass everyone when no one was looking. "Duan Yuxuan, you're already so old yet you can't even win a child like me in a race. Don't you think it's a bit embarrassing?" "Hmph. Little brat, in the journey of martial cultivation, age doesn't matter. Only strength does. If you want to boast then do that after you win." Let us travel through time a bit. There were only two shadows left in the very front. They were Duan Yuxuan and Yang Tian Yu. Both of them were at the 4th level of the Spirit realm. One of them had outstanding talent, the other had plenty of experience. The two of them were fairly even and the tension between them got stronger and stronger. It was because they knew that their largest competition was each other. As long as they win over their opponent, the prize for being first would belong to them. "Huu..." Suddenly, a breeze of wind came from the front. The two of them were surprised as they looked closely and they couldn't help but slow down their paces. It was because dense fog appeared in front of them. The cave was already dark, and with the fog it meant that their vision would be even poorer. With that, it also greatly increased the difficulty of dodging the mechanisms. Even if it was them, they needed to treat it carefully. "Good chance." Just as everyone was slowing down, Chu Feng secretly rejoiced. He went forward in huge strides, and with a whoosh, his entire body was like an arrow leaving a bow as he flew forward. At that time, Duan Yuxuan was concentrating on dodging the silver needles. Suddenly, a black shadow flashed past him. Without giving any time for him to react, that person disappeared once again. "Did I imagine it?" With that, it made Duan Yuxuan feel quite a bit of shock. He thought it was Yang Tian Yu at the start, but he noticed that Yang Tian Yu was not far behind him. Then, he was distracted with his thoughts. The person who successfully left everyone behind, Chu Feng, didn't care about them that much as he increased his speed to the maximum. After that long running, he didn't feel any fatigue. The spiritual energy within his body was endless to take and it continuously surged from his dantian. Not only that, his speed and strength, hearing and vision power all surpassed the people who were at the same level than him. At least it greatly surpassed Duan Yuxuan and Yang Tian Yu. Chu Feng wasn't too surprised at that chance because it was something special about him. He already seen this specialness five years ago. From now on, his specialness returned and it gave him incomparable self-confidence because there was no one who could call themselves a genius in front of him anymore. As he ran with flying speed, Chu Feng finally left the mechanism stage, exited the dark cave, and arrived in the middle of a wide hall. At the end of the hall, there was a tall platform made out of stone. On top of the stone, there were several items. It was the rank 4 martial skill book and the five Spirit Saint Grasses. Seeing those things, Chu Feng was a bit emotional. However, he didn't not rush ahead. Rather, he looked at the stone doors on the side of the hall. "So behind those are the legendary Fierce Beasts?" Chu Feng's mouth curved up in expectation. He knew that this exam just only started. The creatures that he was going to face were terrifying, blood-thirsty, ruthless creatures, called Fierce Beasts. "Elder Su Rou look, this is too astonishing." "I've been guarding here for so many years, but this really is the first time that I've seen a disciple that passed through with such a speed. "Within a mysterious stone room in the underground palace, an old elder was staring at a disordered stone and astonishment filled his gaze. That was not a normal stone. It was a mechanism within the underground palace. The stone only disordered itself after a mechanism got triggered. Looking at it, the entire stone was disordered. Which only meant one thing. Someone already passed the mechanism stage. The fastest person to clear the mechanism stage took two hours from the past examinations. But currently, only one hour had passed. This change grabbed everyone's attention. The dozen or so elders in the stone room all gathered around and they were all very startled. "It seems that there's an interesting character within the outer court disciples this year." Su Rou also gathered over, and as she looked at the disordered stone, she nodded with satisfaction,  "Since it's like this, we can't let him pass so easily. Let me make it more interesting." After saying that, she looked above the stone. There were three round stones embedded in the wall. Suddenly, she smiled strangely, and hit the three stones with three bangs. "Don't touch it!" Seeing that, all of the elders there were alarmed. But it was too late. At that time all three stones were already pressed by Su Rou. "What? Didn't you tell me that these stones would release the Fierce Beasts?" Looking at the elders in panic, Su Rou also felt that something was wrong. "Those three stones do indeed release the Fierce Beasts, but they cannot be pressed at the same time." "If they are pressed at the same time, they will release all the imprisoned Fierce Beasts at the same time." "That would be thirty rank 2s, nine rank 3s, and one rank 4." After saying that, Elder Li's face was already pale and his voice was trembling a bit. The elders that guarded there understood the Fierce Beasts very clearly. They were ruthless and terrifying creatures, and they were many times stronger than the people who were at the same level. Seeing so many Fierce Beasts being released at the same time, a round of slaughter could not be avoided. To think of the tens of thousands of disciples in the underground palace being slaughtered by the Fierce Beasts was not a pleasant thought. "Why did you not remind me earlier?" At that time, Su Rou's face also changed greatly. Her body rose and became the wind. When the stone doors opened, she already disappeared. "Elder Li, what should we do?" Everyone's gazes landed on this aged elder. "What else can we do? Hurry and go help!" Elder Li bellowed angrily and rushed out.
Chu Feng had heard of the infamous Fierce Beasts. They were a type of creature that could cultivate. They were divided into nine ranks according to their strength, and they corresponded to the nine levels of the martial cultivators in the Spirit realm. However, from rumours, the strength of a rank 3 Fierce Beast was far stronger than a martial cultivator who was in the 3rd level of the Spirit realm, and rank 3 Fierce Beasts could even be compared to cultivators at the 4th level of the Spirit realm. That was why even if it was Chu Feng, he didn't dare to be arrogant. He knew that there was a mechanism in the main hall, and when it was triggered, the Fierce Beasts would appear. Suddenly, a heavy noise resounded and the stone doors that locked the Fierce Beasts started to open. "Strange. I didn't even enter the main hall. Why did the stone doors open?" Chu Feng was astonished. But quickly after, the 40 stone doors at the side of the main hall all opened. That completely stunned Chu Feng. It was because in the darkness behind those stone doors, pairs after pairs of blood-red eyes opened and a heavy bloodlust filled the entire main hall. "Damn, this isn't a joke is it?" Chu Feng cursed. He clearly heard that in the last round of every exam, there would be one Fierce Beast. But what was this situation?! "Waaa!" Chu Feng didn't have much time to think about it too much because in front of his eyes, densely packed shadows leaped out from the stone doors and entered the main hall. He could clearly see that the shape of those creatures were similar to tigers but double their sizes. Their entire body was jet-black and you could see their blade-like claws and ivory, as well as their pairs of blood-red eyes. There were a total of 40 Fierce Beasts, and since their appearances were not too different, they should be of the same kind. But upon closer inspection, Chu Feng found out that there were strange lines on their forehead. Clearly, it was the mark of their rank. "Waa..." Just at that time, one of the Fierce Beast growled and cast its gaze towards the high platform in the deeper parts of the main hall. Simultaneously, the gazes of all the Fierce Beasts were cast towards the high platform and they started to drool. "Damn, you robbers." Seeing that, Chu Feng was angered. How could he let these Fierce Beasts take the precious treasures? With a curse, he rushed towards the platform. "Waa..." Just as Chu Feng entered the main hall, it quickly attracted the attention of the Fierce Beasts. That was quite good for him. A total of forty Fierce Beasts all concurrently gave up on the Saint Spirit Grasses, and they all surrounded Chu Feng and attacked him. It was as if to them, the blood and flesh of humans was more attractive than some spiritual medicine. "Move." One rank 2 Fierce Beast attacked head-on. But with a punch from Chu Feng, he blew off its head. It was unable to even survive a single strike. However, also at the same time, quite a few Fierce Beast surrounded him and attacked. The terrifying killing intent was enough to make one's entire body tremble. But Chu Feng did not panic. He was as vigorous as a monkey, jumping left and right as he went back and forth within the crowd of Fierce Beasts. Every time he attacked, there was at least 1 Fierce Beast that died. At that time and moment, compared to the cruel Fierce Beasts, Chu Feng was an even scarier monster. Every part of his body was like an indestructible sharp weapon. Despite the rough skin and thick flesh of the Fierce Beasts, they could not withstand a strike from Chu Feng. At that moment, Chu Feng could feel that not only was the endless spiritual energy surging in his body, there was also the 9-colored Divine Lightning that he loved and hated. It was this Divine Lightning who gave him such strong power and forged a perfect body for him. Just as Chu Feng was killing furiously, a sharp growl came from behind. When he turned around to look, he couldn't help but be surprised. The sharp claws of a huge Fierce Beast was heading towards his head. That huge claw was different from the others as it was quite a bit stronger than the other Fierce Beasts. If he got caught in it, his brain would certainly shatter. Chu Feng reflexively jumped back as he attempted to dodge the huge claw. But the claw's speed was really too fast. Although Chu Feng's brain dodged the damage, the claws still landed on Chu Feng's chest. "Ahh!" Five bloody wounds were torn into his chest and the fatal pain made Chu Feng cry out loud. "I will tear you apart." Other than feeling the pain, Chu Feng was even more angry. He already saw that there were four lines on the forehead of the Fierce Beast that attacked him, indicating that it was a rank 4 Fierce Beast. If he was some other person, then without a doubt, that person would turn around and run. Who cared if they were in the same level of cultivation? The power of the Fierce Beast would undoubtedly be stronger than the human's. But not only did Chu Feng not escape, he even crazily pounced towards that Fierce Beast. The movement which had no care of his life made even the unintelligent Fierce Beast hesitate subconsciously. As the Fierce Beast hesitated, Chu Feng solidly landed a punch on its forehead. But there wasn't the explosion of blood as expected. Rather, there was a loud sound, as if steel and iron collided. Even Chu Feng felt a wave of achiness from his fist, and it was as though the punch didn't land on the head of the Fierce Beast, but rather landed on a copper and iron wall. "Waa..." Chu Feng's punch was no small matter. The Fierce Beast wailed and it even backed off a few steps. It was obvious that it also felt the pain. "Die for me." Seeing that his attacks had some effect, Chu Feng didn't hold back anymore. Swinging his arms, the after images of the punches filled the air flew in all directions and his heavy fists were like a storm. They continuously punched the body of the Fierce Beast. It had to be mentioned that Chu Feng's exploding strength was too strong. Under the insane attacks, the Fierce Beast that was a few times larger than him was pushed back. The other Fierce Beasts that wanted to launch a surprise attack on him also undoubtedly received a punch, and got killed just like that. At the end, all forty Fierce Beasts were completely killed by Chu Feng. Large amounts of bodies and heads were in strange areas, and their death were extremely wretched. The body of the rank 4 Fierce Beast was still intact. However, its huge brain was deflated by Chu Feng as it was alive. "Hu.. Hu... Hu..." The current Chu Feng was standing in a pool of blood and he was deeply gasping for air. After that bloodbath, more frightening wounds appeared on his body but they weren't enough to kill him. Other than the attack of the rank 4 Fierce Beast, the wounds caused from all the others were only simple bruises and they didn't even scratch him. "How strong is this fearful body?" It was a question that Chu Feng asked himself. Compared to those Fierce Beasts, he felt that he had steel for tendons and iron for bones. That body exceeded the limits of humans, and once again, he recognized his specialness. After looking around with his eyes, Chu Feng leaped on the tall platform. Without even looking at them, he took the martial skill book and the Saint Spirit Grasses. After doing that, Chu Feng didn't plan to open the huge closed door. He went back towards the direction in which he came from and reentered the mechanism stage. Before Chu Feng left for long, within the stone room that closed the Fierce Beasts, a dozen or so shadows walked out. The one who led person was Su Rou. At that moment, whether it be Su Rou or the aged elders, their expression were very strange. They only saw Chu Feng continuously hitting the already dead rank 4 Fierce Beast. But to think that so many strong Fierce Beasts were only killed by one youth, it was unimaginable. "Elder Li, who is that child?" Su Rou inquired. Elder Li did not respond. He looked at the other elders behind him, but all the elders shook their head. "You don't know what the name of such an outstanding disciple is?" Su Rou's brows wrinkled, showing some displeasement. "There are simply too many outer court disciples. If he was hiding his strength, then we... " Elder Li's face was full of helplessness. "Whatever. Hurry up and find out about his background then tell me." "Also, if he doesn't want to expose his strength, then leave it as he wishes and don't let him know that we are trying to understand his power." Su Rou instructed. "As you wish." Elder Li and the others respond respectfully. While facing this inner court elder, they didn't dare to be unrespectful. Su Rou looked deeply and meaningfully at the direction in which Chu Feng left in, and only then did she enter the stone room while contemplating.
After Su Rou and the other left, the main hall sunk into silence. A moment later, rapid stepping sounds could be heard from outside of the hall and one disciple quickly ran over. That person was Duan Yuxuan. But compared to the him before, it was like they were two completely different people. Messy hair, full of sweat, panting heavily, and running towards the high platform as if he was crazy. "Haha! At the end, I am the first! You little child Yang Tian Yu, you want to fight me?" "I secretly endured in the outer court for 6 years. What was it for? I'll tell you right now, it's for these!" Duan Yuxuan ran and cheered, as though he was possessed by a demon. His eyes were tightly glued to the tall platform and he didn't even notice the corpses of the Fierce Beasts in the hall. He leaped and stably landed on the tall platform. But just as he was full of smiles, after looking down, it was like a lightning in a clear sky, and he was instantly shocked. It was because on that tall platform, it was completely empty! There wasn't even a single strand of hair! "Damn, what's this?" After a long while, he refocused. Only then did he noticed that fresh blood was everywhere and the corpse of forty Fierce Beasts were scattered in the hall. The death of every Fierce Beast was very soul-shaking and extremely bloody. That scene completely frightened him. With a poof he sat on the tall platform. He turned around and looked, but he discovered that the door to pass the exam wasn't opened. "What is happening?" Duan Yuxuan didn't know what to think and his thoughts were all scrambled. Just at that time, Yang Tian Yu also ran over, but just as he arrived at the entrance of the hall, he stopped. After looking at the scene in the hall, he looked at the Duan Yuxuan on the platform. He stared with a blank face,  "This... You did this?" Duan Yuxuan lightly chuckled, then said bitterly,  "If I said no, would you believe me?" "Of course I would believe you. It would be impossible for you to have such strong strength." Yang Tian Yu shot him a glance and entered the hall. He examined the corpses of the Fierce Beasts,  "God, there's even a rank 4 Fierce Beast here. Who's work is this?" After observing for a good while, they couldn't find out the answer. They never would have knew that someone with so much power was within the outer court. At the end, they even suspected that it was a situation planned by the elders and the elders took the reward for being first. But when the level 3 Spirit realm disciple army arrived, the dramatic scene happened. Everyone thought that it was Yang Tian Yu and Duan Yuxuan who killed the Fierce Beasts and the two of them divided the reward between them. But then funny thing was, as they were facing the gazes of admiration from the crowd, Yang Tian Yu and Duan Yuxuan did not deny it. Just like that, they magically became first. The huge door opened behind them opened and the cheers also came. Everyone was very happy because when they walked out of that huge door, they would become inner court disciples and a new life would come. But just as people were cheering, a youth walked over and he attracted everyone's attention. He was completely naked and he was even crying. He cursed while filled with grievance,  "Who the hell is so cruel? Not only did they knock me out, they even took my clothes! What is this madness?! "As they looked at that scene, people were astonished. Only Chu Feng smiled and he slowly left the crowd while looking at his perfect, undamaged clothes. The inner court exam had ended. There were over ten thousand people who participated, but there were only two thousand people who passed the exam. However, that was no small amount. You only become a real Azure Dragon disciple after entering the inner court. At the same time, you would also receive a more preferable treatment. To welcome the new disciples that entered the inner court, the elders even specially set up a banquet. The round moon hung high up in the night sky. There was plenty of singing and dancing in the inner court, and that raised the happy mood to the highest point. But Chu Feng did not join in the feast. He stayed within his new residence and he looked at his wound on his bare upper body. The wound was healing and the healing speed was extremely fast. If it continued at that speed, it only needed a few days for it to make a full recovery. The healing power was given by the Divine Lightning. "What are you? Why did you choose me?" It wasn't the first time that Chu Feng asked it that question. He asked countless number of times before, but he never got an answer. He still remembered the night five years ago. The sky of the Azure Province was enveloped by the 9-coloured lightning. The sky was as bright as the day and the lightning dancing was like a dragon. The thunder in the sky roared and the ground trembled. People even thought that the world was ending and everything was in disarray under the panic. But the Chu Feng who was only ten years old couldn't help but run out the door and he headed towards a spacious land. Even until now, he did not know why he did that. It was as if there was some magic attracting him to go over to that place. After that, the Divine Lightning attached onto his body. No one saw it, but he knew the 9-coloured lightning that shook the entire world was inside his dantian. That Divine Lightning gave Chu Feng such a strong body. However, Chu Feng did not understand why such a powerful thing was attached onto his body. "Whatever, if you don't answer, I won't ask. You and me are one after all." Chu Feng smiled with relief. It was luck and not misfortune, and if it was misfortune than he couldn't avoid it. If this Divine Lightning really wanted to do anything bad to him, then with his current power, he had no chance of resisting. But up until now, the Divine Lightning had only brought benefits so he didn't bother thinking about it anymore. Chu Feng put his clothes back on and cast his gaze at the book on the head of the bed. On the book, there were three big words.  "Three Thunder Styles ". Chu Feng picked up the book and started to flip through it. It was the first time that he got in touch with a martial skill book so he was a bit excited in his heart. "Rank 4 skill, Three Thunder Styles. Created by the Azure Dragon Founder." "After mastering: Lightning speed. Thunderous power. As strong as a rank 5 skill." After looking at the short description, Chu Feng took in a breath of cold air and said surprisingly,  "This is a skill that was created by the ancestor who founded this school!" The Azure Dragon Founder was the founder of the Azure Dragon School. A thousand years ago, he was unrivaled as he travelled around the world. He had powers to fly in the sky, escape in the ground, move mountains, and fill oceans. He was a real expert in martial cultivation. In that era, the Azure Dragon School that was lead by the Azure Dragon Founder could be said to be the number one school in all of the Nine Provinces. The only one who could resist against the Azure Dragon School was the current overlord of the Nine Provinces, the imperial court. But the good scene did not last for long. After the Azure Dragon Founder passed away, the Azure Dragon School started to decline and it quickly fell from the ranks of the top schools of the Nine Provinces. Today, even within the borders of the Azure Province, they were only a second class school. However, that really emphasized the personal strength of the Azure Dragon Founder. The skill he created would certainly be quite a fine product within skill books. You could not get it with begging, but rather by chance instead. As he was being excited, Chu Feng quickly read the training methods and swore to succeed in practicing the Three Thunder Styles. Chu Feng did not sleep at all, but at least he understood the ways to train the Three Thunder Styles. First style was form. The second style was intention. The third style could create lightning. All in all, to train in the Three Thunder Styles was extremely hard, but Chu Feng wanted to give it a try. After some washing his face and rinsing his mouth, Chu Feng didn't feel sleepy so he headed towards the inner court's Martial Skill Building. First of all, the Martial Skill Building had the facilities for training martial skills. Also, because he couldn't expose that he was training in the Three Thunder Styles, he needed to train in another martial skill to fool people. "This is quite lively." He walked into the Martial Skill Building, and suddenly, there was a huge opening. It was overcrowded in the vast main hall of the Martial Skill Building. But that was reasonable. After all, there were two thousand or so disciples that joined in the inner court yesterday. Those new disciples probably wanted to cultivate some martial skills. The Martial Skill Building was divided into six floors. The 1st floor for choosing rank 1 skills, the 2nd floor for choosing rank 2 skills, the 3rd floor for choosing rank 3 skills, and for floor 4, 5, and 6, they were areas for cultivating the martial skills. Chu Feng kept on going up. He found out that the 1st floor was packed with people. The 2nd floor was a lot better, and as for the 3rd floor , there were very few people. That was all within expectations. Although it was said that the different ranks of the martial skills had different powers, the training difficulty was different as well. That was why a lot of people who entered the inner court would start training in the rank 1 skills, then after they mastered it they would choose the rank 2s, then lastly the rank 3s. But Chu Feng's goal was very clear. Even if the martial skill was only for defense, Chu Feng had to choose the strongest. "Young man, I recommend that you don't bite off more than you can chew. The skills in here are not suited for you." But just as Chu Feng stepped onto the 3rd floor, an aged voice entered his ears.
He looked over towards the source of the sound. At the entrance of the 3rd floor, an old man who had white hair, white brows, and a white beard was staring him. Chu Feng knew that he was an elder who guarded the Martial Skill Building. Although he seemed to be almost a hundred years old, the elder's strength was very strong. "Thank you for your reminder, but I have my own plans." After respectfully saluting to the elder, he walked in. "Ahh, another arrogant disciple." The elder who was guarding shook his head with disappointment. He had seen many disciples just like Chu Feng and most of them ended in failure. The ones that failed lightly fixed their ways, but the ones that failed heavily completely walked on the wrong path and forfeited their good future. But even so, when the elder saw a new face coming in, he would kindly remind them to avoid any more disciples going on the wrong path. Chu Feng walked around on the 3rd level, and he quickly picked a skill book that he liked and brought it up to the elder to register it. "Are you sure you want to train in this Illusionary Palm?" The elder looked at Chu Feng with doubt. "Mm." Chu Feng smiled and nodded. "Did you look over the description of this skill?" The elder continued to ask. "I have seen it." Chu Feng smiled once again. "Yet you still choose it? This is the hardest one in the entire Martial Skill Building." The elder really did not understand. "This is exactly the one that I want to train in." Chu Feng still hung his smile on his face, but his gaze was abnormally resolute. "Sigh, the youth these days really don't know their limits." The elder sighed, but he still registered for Chu Feng. After giving back the skill book, he added,  "Remember to know what point to stop. "Chu Feng nodded, representing that he accepted the advice. Although the elder was always doubting Chu Feng, Chu Feng had a very good impression of him and he felt that he was a responsible elder. "Hm?" But just as Chu Feng turned around, a familiar body rubbed his shoulder and passed. It was Duan Yuxuan and his face was extremely ugly. Chu Feng did not know him well, so he didn't think any more about it. But just as he prepared to leave, he heard whispers behind him, and then he also understood why Duan Yuxuan was depressed. "Isn't that Duan Yuxuan? I thought he already had a rank 4 skill book, so why is he here choosing another skill book? Or is the rank 4 skill book on Yang Tian Yu?" "You don't know? In the feast last night, the inner court elders reminded them that the rank 4 skill book cannot be shared and only one person could train in it." "After they heard the elder say that, the both of them just looked blank. Then, they finally confessed to the crowd. It turned out that they weren't first in the exam and there was another person that killed the forty Fierce Beasts." "So something like that happened. But why did they admit in doing it at the start?" "Ahh, who knows. Maybe they wanted face, but this time they really lost all of it." "True. But who was first? I don't recall that someone was so strong in the outer court?" "Forty Fierce Beasts... And there was even a rank 4 in one of them. It really is unimaginable on how tough that person would be." As he listened to that, Chu Feng smiled and shook his head while walking to the next floor. He really wanted to start training. The 4th floor was the same as the 1st: It was also overcrowded. The new disciples were currently choosing the skill books so these were the older disciples. Chu Feng looked over. Although it was said to be a floor, it could be better said to be a martial arts training ground. There were at least a thousand people training with mechanisms and their yelling extended in all directions. It was quite spectacular. Also, other than the thousands of mechanisms in the main hall, there were countless private rooms which were also for training. It was a pretty good design. The ones that liked to be lively could join in with the people in the main hall and they could help each other as they sparred. The ones who enjoyed the silence could choose a private room and train there by themselves. After the stone door closed, they would be isolated from all the disturbances. Chu Feng did not join them and he went straight to the 6th floor. It was similar to the 3rd floor but it was a lot more quiet. There were also a lot more places for training. Chu Feng entered a private room. After closing the stone door, he bowed to the mechanism pillar because he knew that the pillar was going to be ruined by him. The mechanism pillar was made out of steel and wood so it was extremely sturdy. If it was attacked, it would automatically dodge. The dodging speed changed according to the opponent's attacking speed. Unless one perfected in cultivating a martial skill, it was very hard to damage it, thus it was the best equipment for training. "Illusionary Palm. Using the power of the wind from the palm to formlessly control the enemy." Chu Feng looked over the cultivating method for the Illusionary Palm. Then, he went in front of the mechanism pillar. He suddenly extended his hands and he saw that his palm created two traces. They attacked towards two points on the mechanism pillar. But just as they were going to land, the pillar swayed left and right, dodging Chu Feng's attack with lightning speed. At that instant, Chu Feng couldn't help but be at a slight loss, but then he quickly smiled with relief,  "Interesting." From that day forth, other than eating and sleeping, Chu Feng would always be in the Martial Skill Building and he trained non-stop. The Three Thunder Styles, created by the founder of the Azure Dragon School. Although it was extremely mysterious, it was also extremely hard to cultivate in. As for the Illusionary Palm, there was a reason why the elder called it as the hardest skill to train in the entire Martial Skill Building. However, after training for a while, Chu Feng slowly understood the nature of the two skills. The Three Thunder Styles. It was extremely tough and fierce. It was as fast as lightning, and as strong as thunder. Every move and every style could take the life of the enemy, and it was very mighty. The Illusionary Palm. It was actually the complete opposite. Replacing the reality and attacking when they get caught off guard. Although it wasn't as valiant as the Three Thunder Styles, it was still quite the skill and they were different in their own ways. After a good ten days of minimal meals and sleeping, Chu Feng finally grasped the two types of skills. Although it couldn't be said that he perfected the Illusionary Palm, there wasn't much difference to it. On the other hand, he only successfully trained in the first two style of the Three Thunder Styles. But even so, when Chu Feng successfully used the 2nd style, he was shocked by the strong power. On the 3rd floor in the Martial Skill Building. The elder who guarded was still the same and Chu Feng was returning the Illusionary Palm. "What, did you reach a dead end?" The elder looked at Chu Feng with a bit of mock in his eyes and the corner of his mouth showed that he was a bit proud of himself. Chu Feng did not reply and just smiled. But in the elder's eyes, Chu Feng's smile meant that he silently confirmed it. "Go to the 1st floor and start from the rank 1 skills... " Taking back the skill book, the elder reminded with goodwill. "Thank you elder." Chu Feng saluted and took his leave. "He knows when to back off, so he still understands a bit." Looking at the departing back of Chu Feng, the elder nodded. The Martial Skill Building was not open for the entire day. When the sun setted, the Martial Skill Building would close, and at that time, all the elder guards would need to check the skill books and the mechanisms. "What's this fuss about that needs me to personally go and see?" "Elder Ouyang, you have to check this out. I haven't seen such a strong disciple in such a long time. "On the staircase, a middle-aged man was leading a white-haired elder and they were heading towards a private room on the 6th floor. Within the private room, the indestructible mechanism pillar was full of dents and it was almost able to be scraped. As he saw at the mechanism pillar, the white-haired elder's face became extremely heavy and he looked at it carefully. "This is... " But as he found out that there were shallow palm marks one after the other on the mechanism, he couldn't help but be astonished. With his experience, he could instantly tell that the pillar was damaged by the Illusionary Palm. But in the inner court, there were very few disciples that could train the Illusionary Palm to that degree. Also, those who were able to already left to experience the outside world and pretty much none of them remained in the Martial Skill Building to train. After some deep thinking, the eyes of the elder suddenly lit up and he said with shock,  "Don't tell me it's him?"
It turned out that this Ouyang elder was the elder that registered for Chu Feng. However, he also had another identity. The director of the Martial Skill Building. He felt that the one who damaged the mechanism pillar like this could have been Chu Feng, but then after some careful thinking he felt that it wasn't right. After all, Chu Feng had only trained the Illusionary Palm for ten days. After only ten days, it was impossible to be able to use it to such degree. "Elder Ouyang, look at this." Just as he was thinking hard and unable to understand, a call came from the private room right next to his. But the pillar just now wasn't even the important part. Ouyang was astonished once again, because the mechanism pillar in the adjacent private room was completely destroyed. "Three Thunder Styles, the 2nd style." "No one from the outer court can train in this skill." This time, Ouyang's face became serious. Three Thunder Styles. It was a skill that only the core disciples could train in. Now it appeared in the outer court, which more or less meant that there were core disciples that leaked this skill to the outer court. But after some more precise thinking, he felt that it was impossible. The rules of the Azure Dragon School were very strict. If someone privately leaked the skill book out, it could be found out very easily. The core disciples wouldn't be so foolish to do those kinds of things. "It is possible that..." Finally, Ouyang found a trace of possibility. He said to the elder behind him,  "Request for Elder Su Rou." At the same time, Chu Feng was cultivating in his own room. After two hours of refining, he continuously refined three Saint Spirit Grasses. If someone saw that scene, they would certainly be speechless. Even for masters, to refine one Saint Spirit Grass required at least one day, but Chu Feng didn't even need one hour. Also, the Saint Spirit Grass the Chu Feng refined would all be absorbed by the dantian and nothing would be wasted. Even martial cultivating masters couldn't do that. It was said that if a normal person refined a Saint Spirit Grass, it was already very good if they could absorb 50 percent of the spiritual energy. "It seems like the price for getting your power is extremely huge." But even so, Chu Feng was a bit helpless. It was because after refining the three Saint Spirit Grasses, he didn't even feel a single trace of having a breakthrough. He even felt that his dantian was empty! If he was a normal person, and he if completely absorbed the spiritual energy from the three Saint Spirit Grasses, he would have pretty much went from the 4th level of the Spirit realm to the 5th level of the Spirit realm. That indicated a problem. Although the Divine Lightning gave Chu Feng strength that exceeded normal people, to rise in cultivation levels, Chu Feng also needed to pay the cost that exceeded normal people. Spiritual energy. Although Chu Feng could condense it, but even with months of non-stop cultivation would not be as good as a the spiritual energy contained in a single Saint Spirit Grass. This showed the price that Chu Feng had to pay if he wanted to raise his cultivation level. It would also be a huge problem in his future. "Ahh, is this the so-called ‘There are detriments to all advantages'?" Chu Feng really wanted to refine the two Saint Spirit Grass as he looked at them on the head of his bed. But, he didn't do that because he prepared to give them to Chu Yue. "Chu Yue should be stepping into the 5th level of the Spirit realm soon. These two Saint Spirit Grasses should give her a hand." After some hesitation, Chu Feng put away the Saint Spirit Grasses, blew the candle and slept. The morning on the next day. Chu Feng already woke up early, so he pocketed the Saint Spirit Grasses and wanted to find Chu Yue. But sadly, the inner court was really too big and the amount of inner court disciples was rumoured to be even more than the amount of outer court disciples. There was at least a hundred thousand inner court disciples. Within the vast group of palaces that filled the eye as far as it could see, to try to find a person here was like fishing a needle from an ocean. "Brother. Say... Do we join an alliance or not? This is the Spiritual Medicine Hunt, and more power comes from more people." "Once you enter an alliance, it's really hard to get away from it. In the future, if the alliance has troubles, we would get dragged into together." "That is true. Whatever, let's register at the plaza first." Two young males that seemed to be brothers passed Chu Feng, but their conversation made Chu Feng very happy. "Seniors, you just said that the Spiritual Medicine Hunt's registration is starting?" Chu Feng went up and asked. "That's right. Every year, the time of the hunt is always different so this year's was earlier than last year's." "You seem to be a new disciple this year? If you want to register, come with us." That senior was fairly friendly. "Sorry to trouble you two." Chu Feng politely smiled and he was quite joyful. The so-called Spiritual medicine was medicine that contained spiritual energy. There were different types, and spiritual medicine was divided into low quality, medium quality, high quality, and top quality. The Saint Spirit Grass that Chu Feng had was a high quality spiritual medicine. The Spiritual Medicine Hunt was a welfare for the inner court disciples by the Azure Dragon School. In a certain area on the Azure Dragon Mountain Range, there were large amounts of spiritual medicine, and that area was called the Spiritual Medicine Mountain. Spiritual Medicine Mountain. It was originally the forbidden lands of the Azure Dragon School, but every year, they would open it up and all inner court disciples could register and join. It was called the Spiritual Medicine Hunt because the Spiritual medicine had spiritual natures. They could hide in the ground, run away with extreme speed, and they even had strong attacks so it was quite difficult to pick them. The current Chu Feng needed spiritual medicines the most, and the more the merrier. Conveniently, the Spiritual Medicine Hunt started, and it could be said to be an enormous good news. "Junior, it seems that you haven't joined in an alliance yet. Are you preparing to hunt by yourself?" One of the brother was looking up and down at Chu Feng. "Is there anything wrong with that?" Chu Feng didn't understand. "I'll be honest. This hunt is not something that can be done by one person, so I suggest that you join in an alliance." The two brothers kindly gave him advice. The so-called alliance was an organization created by the inner court disciples. Because these organizations could pull the relationships closer between disciples, the Azure Dragon School did not oppose it, and instead, they encouraged it. "I've just joined in the inner court, so I don't understand the things about alliances too well. I wonder which alliance in the inner court are strong?" Chu Feng asked with curiosity. "Haha, you've asked the right person. Us two have done a lot of investigation on many of the inner court alliances." "According to our investigation, there are around a thousand or so alliances and the title of the strongest belongs to the World Alliance and the Sword Alliance." "The World Alliance has the most amount of members, reaching at least five thousand people. Over there, there are a few people that have ‘World' behind their back and they are members of the World Alliance." "There are less members in the Sword Alliance, but there are still at least a thousand people. The sword alliance is a bit special. If you want to join them, you must have trained in the martial skills that use the sword as power. The people over there who have a black iron sword behind their back are members of the Sword Alliance." "They are called the strongest not only because they have a lot of people. The important part is that the founders of the two alliances are well-known in our Azure Dragon School." "Those two people became core disciples ten years ago. The core disciples these days are very well-known people, and with them as support, very little people dare to act against the people from the World Alliance and the Sword Alliance." "Brother, you're a bit wrong. Although the World Alliance and the Sword Alliance have strong power, I think that the strongest is the Wings Alliance." Just as the elder brother was describing vividly and colourfully, the younger brother had an opinion and interrupted. "Although the Wings Alliance are strong, they have too little people. ‘Two fists cannot fight four hands', and if there really was a conflict, they could not be the opponent of the World Alliance and the Sword Alliance." The elder brother shook his head. "That may not be so. Although the Wings Alliance have little people, they are like dragons within men and they have the ability to attack a hundred with one. I feel that even if the World Alliance and the Sword Alliance joined hands, they might not be able to defeat the Wings Alliance." The younger brother retorted. "What is this Wings Alliance?" Seeing as the two of them did not rest in their debates, Chu Feng got more and more curious as he listened. "Junior, listen to me. The Wings Alliance are the legends in our inner court." Seeing that, the younger brother held onto Chu Feng and started to narrate as his saliva splattered everywhere.
"The Wings Alliance rarely recruit members, but when they do, the people they recruit are like the dragon within men." "Although the Wings Alliance only has thirty-two people, within the inner court, they are very well-known people." "Also, their hearts are one, and they look at each other like an extension of their hands and feet. Whoever dares to make a move against the members of the Wings Alliance, no matter who it is, they will have their revenge." "Two years ago, a third-rate school in the Azure Province harmed a member of the Wings Alliance. The one that exterminated the school was also the Wings Alliance." "That strong?" Listening to that point, Chu Feng was also astonished. Although a third-rate school could not be compared to the Azure Dragon School, it still had quite some power. To be able to exterminate them showed that the Wings Alliance were very strong. "Also, although the founders of the World Alliance and the Sword Alliance are very strong, but compared to the founder of the Wings Alliance, there's a huge difference." "According to the rumours, the founder of the Wings Alliance entered the inner court at the age of 11, became a core disciple at the age of 14, and was the number 1 disciple at the age of 16 in the Azure Dragon School." "But sadly, he is no longer in the Azure Dragon School. In the year that he was sixteen, he left this place and no one knew where he went." As he talked about things like that, the younger brother seemed to be rather regretful. "Who was that person called?" Chu Feng was amazed even more. Core disciples were important figures of the Azure Dragon School and every one of them could be said to be geniuses in martial cultivation. The founder of the Wings Alliance became the strongest within the core disciples at the age of 16. How outstanding was that person? "His name is Zhang Tianyi." The younger brother said his name one word at a time. "Zhang Tianyi." Chu Feng remembered that name because he was qualified to be remembered by Chu Feng. "That's right, I heard that our inner court beauty Elder Su Rou is also one of the members of the Wings Alliance, and she is also one of the strongest within the core disciples." "Also, other than Elder Su Rou, within today's core disciples, there are a lot of people who belong to the Wings Alliance. All of their achievements are not inferior to the founders of the World Alliance or the Sword Alliance. Isn't the Wings Alliance strong?" The younger brother continued saying. "If you say it like that, then this Wings Alliance is really strong. Are there any special symbols for the members of the Wings Alliance?" Chu Feng was getting more and more interested in this Wings Alliance. "It's rare to see anyone from the Wings Alliance, but on their chest, they would wear a small badge, and a pair of wings are on that badge. "The three of them chatted as they walked, and soon, they arrived at the plaza that was filled with people. It was the place to register for the Spiritual Medicine Hunt. Actually, the so-called registration was writing your own name on a wall scroll then taking a token. There were no elders there. "Junior, the Spiritual Medicine Hunt starts tomorrow. So, I'm thinking that you should join in an alliance and request for shelter." "I'll give you a word of advice. Don't think of joining an alliance like the Wings Alliance because we won't even have a single chance in our lifetime." "No need to even mention the Wings Alliance. The World Alliance and the Sword Alliance are not easy to enter as well." "So, if you want to join an alliance, you need to keep your eyes open." After registering, the two brothers started to take advantage of the mood again. "Please give me some pointers." Seeing that the brothers were so friendly, Chu Feng couldn't bear to not give them face. "Although the stronger alliances are harder to enter, you cannot choose a weak one. For example, you should never enter those who say how good their alliance are to one person after the other. Those alliances could not even protect you and you would only get bullied." "Like that girl who's giving bamboo sheets to everyone. With a glance, you could tell that she's from some weak little alliance and they're here to trick the new disciples." Saying that, the elder brother pointed towards a purple-clothed young female from nearby. Looking over to the direction that he was pointing at, Chu Feng couldn't help but look blankly. That purple-clothed young female was Chu Yue. "Chu Yue!" Seeing her, Chu Feng yelled excitedly. After hearing Chu Feng's yells, Chu Yue turned her head to look. When she saw Chu Feng, she also was joyful and as she waved, she yelled,  "Chu Feng! "Chu Feng wanted to find Chu Yue, but he never would have thought that they would meet at a place like that. So, he hurriedly walked over to Chu Yue. "Ahh, he's finished. Another idiot has been tricked. We've wasted our time after talking to him for so long." Seeing that, the pair of brothers looked at each other with their four eyes and shook their head. "Chu Feng, you've finally entered the inner court, this is great! We can finally start training together." As she looked at Chu Feng's purple clothing, Chu Yue was so happy that her heart could jump. From the bottom of her heart, she was happy for Chu Feng. "Chu Yue, what are you doing?" Chu Feng was fairly curious as he gazed at the bamboo sheets. "Oh, you still don't know huh? Chu Wei created an alliance in the inner court called the Chu Alliance." "All the people from the Chu family are in this Chu Alliance. But even so, there are still too little people in our alliance." "So, taking advantage of this year's new disciples that are entering the inner court, I want to try to pull some more people to enter our Chu Alliance and increase our power. After all, if the Chu Alliance has a good development, in the future, it will help our Chu Family greatly." Chu Yue explained while smiling. The Chu Wei that Chu Yue mentioned was a young elder brother in the Chu family. He was twenty years old this year, and ten years ago, he entered the Azure Dragon School. However, Chu Feng did not have a good impression on that Chu Wei, as Chu Wei was one of the people that bullied him a lot when he was younger. "I'll help you." Although he didn't like Chu Wei, Chu Feng didn't want Chu Yue to work too hard. "It's fine, it's really fine. You don't understand the situation in the Chu Alliance so I can do it myself." Chu Yue smiled while declining, then asked with concern,  "That's right. Chu Feng, did you register in the Spiritual Medicine Hunt?" "Look at this." Chu Feng smiled, and took out the token for the Spiritual Medicine Hunt. "That's great! This time, I can go with you and catch the spiritual medicines. I'll tell you this. Catching the spiritual medicine is a battle of wits and bravery and it's very interesting." As she mentioned the Spiritual Medicine Hunt, Chu Yue seemed to really look forward to it. "Chu Feng, I'll be getting busy. At night, come and find me. I have something that I want to say to you so you have to come." Chu Yue saw another new disciple walking pass, so she quickly stuffed a bamboo sheet into Chu Feng's hands and walked over to that new disciple and introduced the Chu Alliance to him. Seeing Chu Yue insisting like that, Chu Feng didn't force the issue. On that bamboo sheet, the location of Chu Yue's residence was written on it. Walking in the plaza and scanning through the crowds, he found out that there were quite a few people who were like Chu Yue that advertised their alliance. But very little people cared about them. Since everyone wasn't an idiot, unless they couldn't enter the stronger alliances, very little people would choose to join small alliances like that. The so-called Chu Alliance only had Chu Yue herself recruiting members. Even the founder, Chu Wei, did not appear. It showed that only Chu Yue thought about the Chu family. Night came so Chu Feng went to Chu Yue's residence as planned. Chu Yue was walking back and forth outside the residence and it was obvious that she was waiting for someone. When Chu Yue saw Chu Feng, she put both of her hands behind her back while skipping and jumping her way over. Although Chu Yue was one year older than Chu Feng, she was still at the prime of her youth. Not only was her appearance beautiful, her character was also lively and cheerful. In the Chu family, Chu Yue could be said to be a clown. No matter if it was the old or young, they all liked this little strange girl. As she arrived in front of Chu Feng, Chu Yue opened her hands and said while laughing,  "Hey, hurry and pick it up." Between her two white palms was a Saint Spirit Grass.
"Chu Yue, this... " Chu Feng was speechless. "Yes, this. This is for you from me, and it's my supplement for this year." As Chu Yue spoke, she forced the Saint Spirit Grass into Chu Feng's hands. "If it's like that, I can't have it. Did you forget that I still owe you two Saint Spirit Grasses?" Chu Feng pushed the Saint Spirit Grass back, and as he said that, he pulled one out from his pocket. "Chu Feng, you didn't refine the Saint Spirit Grass?" Looking at the intact Saint Spirit Grass, Chu Yue thought that it was the one that she gave Chu Feng. "Mm, I've already broke through so I don't need it for now. I might as well return it back to you." "How can I take your Saint Spirit Grass? These are yours, so hurry up and take it." "Chu Yue, I said that I would return two, so I will return two. Didn't you promise as well? You're making things very hard for me when you're like this." "But you didn't even use the Saint Spirit Grass that you gave me, and instead, you give me yours. Isn't that just me taking advantage of you?" "Chu Yue, I understand your kind meanings. In the entire Chu family, besides my elder brother and my father, you treat me the best. Just view this as a younger brother showing you respect." That was said from the bottom of Chu Feng's heart. Everyone in the Chu family pushed him aside, so it really moved him when Chu Yue could treat him with kindness. Seeing that Chu Feng was so determined, on Chu Yue's face, colours of shame emerged on her face as she said quietly, "Chu Feng, you doing this really makes me feel very ashamed. Actually... This Saint Spirit Grass isn't from me. Chu Guyu asked me to represent him to give it to you." "My brother?" Chu Feng couldn't help but look blankly for a moment. Chu Guyu was Chu Yuan's blood-related child and he was Chu Feng's elder brother. He was training in the  "Lingyun School ", the number 1 school in the Azure Province. He was at the 6th level of the Spirit realm at the age of seventeen and he was the strongest person in the Chu family's young generation. Although Chu Feng wasn't Chu Yuan's blood-related child, Chu Guyu still treated him as his own younger brother, and he was one of the most respected and loved people by Chu Feng. "He was afraid that you would be burdened, so he instructed me to not say that it was from him. But now, I have to say the truth." Chu Yue's face was red, and it could be seen that she was really ashamed. "Chu Yue, even so, I still have to thank you. Although this Saint Spirit Grass may not be from you, your feelings from all these years towards me are. Like I said, just take it as your younger brother giving respect to you by giving these two Saint Spirit Grasses to you." "Besides, you're going to enter the 5th level of the Spirit realm soon so this Saint Spirit Grass is more important to you. Because of that, don't refuse this Saint Spirit Grass." Chu Feng still firmly continued to put the Saint Spirit Grass in Chu Yue's hands. "In that case, I'll only look at this as me borrowing a Saint Spirit Grass, but I can only borrow one because I can only afford to give one back." Seeing Chu Feng so insisted, Chu Yue gnashed her teeth and she could only take one of the Saint Spirit Grass. In reality, what Chu Feng said was correct. Chu Yue was going to enter the 5th level of the Spirit realm soon and at that moment, it was a crucial stage. This Saint Spirit Grass was indeed very important to her. "Done." Chu Feng smiled. "That's right. Chu Feng, Chu Guyu had a letter that he wanted me to give to you." Chu Yue took a letter out from her waist. As he accepted the letter, Chu Feng felt a burst of emotions. He hadn't returned to the Chu family in five years, which meant that he hadn't seen his father and his elder brother in five years. He did not return because he felt that he was too shameful to see them. But in the five years, his brother and his father would write him a letter almost every single month. It showed how those two thought of Chu Feng. "Okay, read the letter when you get back. Hurry up and follow me because today is a good day!" Chu Yue grabbed Chu Feng's arms and pulled him towards the residence. But before even getting close, Chu Feng started frowning. He heard lots of familiar sounds in the residence and those were all people that he did not like. Indeed, in the instant that the door to the residence opened, there were thirty-two faces there. A large portion of them were familiar faces, and almost all the members of the Chu family who were disciples of the Azure Dragon School were here. As for the few strangers, Chu Feng could guess where they came from. They must be the new members of the Chu Alliance. "Everyone! See who's here!" Chu Yue yelled happily. When the gazes of the crowd were cast over to that direction, Chu Feng could feel that they was filled with disdain and hate. "Oh, I wondered who it was. Isn't it the person who performed outstanding deeds to our Chu family?" One youth walked over to Chu Feng. It was Chu Cheng, and he was Chu Zhen's elder brother. He entered the Azure Dragon School at the same time as Chu Yue, and he was also in the 4th level of the Spirit realm. "Chu Feng, you've done the deeds. You know that?" Chu Cheng pointed at Chu Feng and his gaze was not kind. "Chu Cheng, what are you talking about? Today is a rejoiceful day so don't speak nonsense." Chu Yue quickly spoke. "What's wrong Chu Yue? You're not letting me talk about all his deeds?" Chu Cheng shot Chu Yue a glance, then looked at Chu Feng,  "Chu Feng, did you know that you've done the deeds? Damn. You've done great deeds." "You've stayed as an outer court disciple for five years in the Azure Dragon School and you have disgraced the Chu family. But even so, you still have face to join in this Chu Alliance gathering. How thick is the skin of your face?" "Chu Cheng, shut up." Chu Yue was a bit angry, but before letting her say anymore, Chu Feng pulled her. Chu Feng's face did not change, but at the end he lightly smiled and said,  "You're thinking too much. I have no interest in your gathering. I am demanding a payment here today." "Payment? What payment?" After hearing those words, Chu Cheng's face instantly changed. "That's quite funny. A person taken in my Chu family is actually demanding a payment from the Chu family. Do you not know who gave you what you have right now?" "That's right, too shameless." At the same time, the people from the Chu family started criticizing Chu Feng. Chu Feng ignored the words of the crowd, and as he walked into the residence, he said, "A few days ago, a certain person made a bet with me, and bet that I wouldn't pass the inner court disciple exam. He even said if he lost, he would give the yearly supplemented Saint Spirit Grass to me." "Chu Zhen, you didn't forget about that right?" Chu Feng stopped in front of Chu Zhen. Chu Zhen was sitting on a chair while chewing on some fruits in his mouth. However, the corner of his mouth twitched and his face was extremely ugly. Of course, Chu Zhen did not forget the things that he said that day. Since he was afraid that Chu Feng would mention that matter, he honestly stayed here. Or else, with his temper, he would have searched Chu Feng out for trouble already. "Chu Feng, you need evidence for your words." Just at that time, a young man next to Chu Zhen opened his mouth. In the residence, most of the males and females were as old as Chu Feng, but this young man was not. Indeed, he was Chu Wei. "Chu Wei is correct. If you made a bet with Chu Zhen, you need to pull out the evidence or else you are only spitting out false accusations." Chu Cheng yelled out first because he was Chu Zhen's elder brother. "That's right, take out the evidence, or else don't think of walking out here today." After Chu Cheng, pretty much everyone from the Chu family in the hall started yelling. Even the non-Chu family members also joined in. Although they were not be part of the Chu family, they could tell that Chu Feng's position in the Chu family was very low. If his own family was looking down on him, then naturally, they would as well. "I testify for Chu Feng." But just at that time, Chu Yue who did not speak for a long time suddenly spoke.
At that instant, the hall went into complete silence and all the gazes were cast towards Chu Yue. "Chu Yue, what did you say? You cannot speak such nonsense to testify." As Chu Wei said that, his dense gaze was filled with implications of warning. His meaning was very clear and it was to make Chu Yue say the truth. "I am not speaking nonsense. That day, when Chu Zhen and Chu Feng made the bet, I was there and it was even Chu Zhen who let me be a witness." After that, Chu Yue was not afraid of Chu Wei at all. She stood next to Chu Feng, as if hiddenly telling the crowd which side she was standing on. At that moment, not only Chu Zhen, even Chu Cheng, Chu Wei and most of the Chu family's faces were starting to change. They never would have thought that Chu Yue would do this for Chu Feng and she was even willing to go against the entire Chu family crowd. In reality, even Chu Feng felt a bit surprised since by doing this, Chu Yue would offend a lot of people. But other than that, Chu Feng felt moved. "Chu Zhen, are you failing to honor your debt?" Chu Feng continued to pressure him. With Chu Yue as a witness, he did not believe that Chu Zhen would deny it.  "I..." Chu Zhen's face was extremely ugly and he did not know how to reply. Every year, the family only supplemented one Saint Spirit Grass. Other than the one, they did not have any other chances to get such a good spiritual medicine. He just got his supplemented Saint Spirit Grass and Chu Zhen was preparing to use it to make a breakthrough into the 4th level of the Spirit realm. How could he give it up to someone? "Hmph, so what if it's true?" "You entered the Azure Dragon School at the same time as Chu Zhen. He already entered the inner court two years ago and you are a full two years late." "What, after using that much time to enter the inner court, you're still arrogant? You want to extort Chu Zhen's supplement?" Chu Cheng coldly smiled and cunningly argued. As Chu Zhen's elder brother, it was obvious that he wouldn't let Chu Feng take away his brother's supplement. "Don't tell me that. Your brother should know what is happening." "If you are failing to honor your debt, just admit it. I can forget about it. But you need him to personally admit that his words are like fart and they are absolutely untrustable." Chu Feng did not let him go. "You..." With those words, Chu Zhen was really gnashing his teeth out of anger yet he could not refute him since it was true. "Haha! Jokes! Failing to honor a debt? Have I ever mentioned anything about that?" "You can have Chu Zhen's Saint Spirit Grass, but you need to admit in front of the crowd that you are a useless garbage. An idiot that needed five years to enter the inner court." "Everyone, am I correct?" Chu Cheng yelled loudly. "That's right, Chu Cheng is right." "That's right, if you want to take the Saint Spirit Grass, you need to admit that you are garbage. As long as you admit it, then we'll just give it as pity to a beggar." Chu Cheng raised his hands and yelled, and naturally, everyone yelled in response. In the Chu family, excluding Chu Yuan, Chu Guyu and Chu Yue, pretty much no one liked Chu Feng and they all wanted him out of the Chu family. So no matter how excessive it was, as long as it was related to Chu Feng, they would support it. They all wanted Chu Feng to feel horrible. "Chu Cheng, don't create trouble without a reason. This is a private matter between Chu Zhen and Chu Feng so all of you are not qualified to interrupt." Chu Yue scolded. "We are not qualified, yet you are? You are the elder sister of Chu Zhen, but even so, you supported an outsider. Are you still even part of the Chu family?" Chu Cheng maliciously and fiercely refuted. "I only look at the case and not the person. In any case, Chu Feng is not an outsider. He is part of the Chu family." "You clearly know whether or not he is part of the Chu family. However, I can tell you that Chu Zhen is your own brother." "You don't even bother to reason! " Chu Yue was so angered by Chu Cheng that her entire body was trembling. But just at that time, Chu Feng put his hands on Chu Yue shoulders, and moved her behind him. Although the current Chu Feng had the same smile as always on his face, his gaze became serious and he said calmly, "I will only ask you one question. Will you give this Saint Spirit Grass to me or no?" "Ho.. Chu Feng, don't say that we are making things hard for you, but you really are not qualified to take Chu Zhen's Saint Spirit Grass." "How about this... I'll give you a chance. Duel a bit with Chu Zhen. If you win, that shows that you are qualified to take away this Saint Spirit Grass." "Chu Yue, don't say that I'm not speaking reason. I'll even take my own Saint Spirit Grass out. If Chu Feng can win, then these are all his." While saying that, Chu Cheng put the Saint Spirit Grass from his pocket onto the table. Also at the same time, Chu Cheng shot a glance at Chu Zhen. Chu Zhen instantly understood and he also put his Saint Spirit Grass onto the table. "Chu Zhen, you've entered the inner court for two years, and you've also cultivated two skills." "On the other hand, Chu Feng just entered the inner court. Don't you feel ashamed dueling with him? You just aren't willing to give it up." Chu Yue still felt that it was unfair towards Chu Feng. "Shut up. You don't have any part in this." Chu Cheng threateningly pointed at Chu Yue, then narrowed his eyes and looked at Chu Feng, "But, if you lose, bring your Saint Spirit Grass out. Do you dare?" At that instant, all the eyes landed on Chu Feng and they were waiting for his reply. If Chu Feng refused, they could humiliate Chu Feng and say that he was a coward. If Chu Feng agreed, Chu Zhen could openly give Chu Feng a lesson. No matter what, Chu Feng was in a dangerous spot. They only wanted to see how Chu Feng would be humiliated. "Why wouldn't I dare?" Chu Feng smiled and agreed. "Good, you have the guts. But let's say this first. Fists and kicks don't have eyes, so you cannot complain about any injuries." Chu Cheng's smile became even more despicable. "Enough with the rubbish. Come at me." Chu Feng put his own Saint Spirit Grass on the table, then walked to the middle of the hall. "Chu Feng..." Chu Yue pulled on Chu Feng, and those flickering eyes were urging him not to duel with Chu Zhen. But Chu Feng pushed away Chu Yue's hands with a smile and said,  "Trust me." Seeing that, Chu Yue couldn't help but have a blank look. For some reason, she had a feeling that Chu Feng would undoubtedly win this round. Chu Feng and Chu Zhen walked towards the middle of the hall and everyone surrounded them. They didn't want to miss out on Chu Feng's humiliation. "Chu Feng, it seems that you want the riches but not your life." The Chu Zhen that hadn't spoke in a long time finally had a smile on his face, but his smile was very evil. Being forced into the embarrassing situation by Chu Feng made him very unhappy. Since he had a chance to teach Chu Feng a lesson, obviously, he wouldn't restrain himself. "Hoho." Chu Feng lightly smiled then said,  "I just wanted to say those words to you." "You talk too big. Today, I'll let you know how weak you are." Suddenly, Chu Zhen's left feet stepped forward. One could only hear a boom before his entire body ran with flying speed. Both his arms were moving and his punches were flying everywhere. Powerful aura came from his body and he was like a wild Fierce Beast as he headed towards Chu Feng.
"Rank 1 skill, the Hundred-Armed Fists reached the point of mastery!"
Cries of surprise sounded in the hall and everyone could see that Chu Zhen was able to fully use that skill.
Although the Hundred-Armed Fists was only a rank 1 skill, if it was mastered, it would be very strong as well.
If they were on the same level and if there wasn't an appropriate skill to counter it, he would have no chance. That was why everyone knew that Chu Feng, without a doubt, would lose.
Chu Yue frowned and secretly walked 2 steps forward. She wanted to stop Chu Zhen's evil schemes.
"Chu Yue, observers cannot help. You should know this rule right?"
But just at that time, she heard a sound next to her ear. She turned around and she saw that Chu Cheng was smiling and staring at herself.
Chu Yue knew that the situation was not good since she never thought that Chu Cheng would have his eyes on her.
However, because of that, it meant that the two brothers would not easily let Chu Feng go and that made her even more worried.
*whoosh whoosh whoosh*
The afterimages of the fists filled the air and almost completely blocked Chu Feng's line of sight. With the sound of breaking through the air, he suddenly attacked.
Chu Feng could feel that Chu Zhen's fist was not ordinary and he did not restrain himself in any way. It showed that he was very ruthless.
But Chu Feng was not afraid at all and he stood still. He did not dodge nor escape, and he only silently waited for the attack.
"Is this Chu Feng stupid? Why isn't he dodging?"
"He wants to dodge, but could he? With his power, he probably can't react in time."
"That's true. He is, after all, the trash that stayed in the outer court for five years."
Seeing that Chu Feng did not dodge, they even thought that Chu Feng was scared stiff by Chu Zhen's might and their faces revealed the smiles of seeing others in misfortune.
*huu*
But just as Chu Zhen got near, Chu Feng suddenly waved his sleeve and an extremely huge aura exploded from inside his body.
When that aura pounced at Chu Zhen, he was suddenly at a loss because within that aura, he felt killing intent.
*whoosh*
Just as Chu Zhen was staring blankly, Chu Feng suddenly stuck his palm out. The speed was extremely fast, and before anyone reacted to it, he already blasted it onto Chu Zhen's chest.
*boom* With the strike of the palm, Chu Zhen instantly felt that his Qi and blood were raging as a wave of pain came from his chest.
*swoosh swoosh swoosh* But before he even had time to think, Chu Feng already sent a few more palms and they all struck Chu Zhen.
"Ahh!" Chu Zhen cried out loud. Both his legs went numb and he directly kneeled in front of Chu Feng, then fell on the ground without power.
"This..."
The scene widened everyone's mouth. They would have never thought that Chu Feng would have such an explosive power!
However, they didn't even know that it was the result of Chu Feng restraining himself. Or else, with only one palm, he could have killed Chu Zhen.
"You are at the 4th level of the Spirit realm?" At that time, Chu Wei opened his mouth. Both his eyes tightly stared at Chu Feng and they were filled with astonishment.
"What? 4th level of the Spirit realm?"
With those words, everyone came to their senses. To beat someone at the 3rd level of the Spirit realm without using martial skills meant that they required the power of the 4th level of the Spirit realm.
However, trying to connect "4th level of the Spirit realm" with Chu Feng was unimaginable and it was hard to accept by the crowd.
Not only them, even Chu Yue had her eyes wide open. Her small mouth slowly opened and her face was full of surprise.
Chu Feng didn't care about the crowd. He directly walked in front of the table, took the three Saint Spirit Grasses, and walked towards the door.
"Stop right there. This is an exchange between family members, yet you attacked so heavily. Where is your heart?" Just at that time, someone suddenly yelled out.
Looking over, Chu Cheng was holding Chu Zhen by the arm and lifting him up while his face was full of anger. It was not endurable when his younger brother got beaten up by someone to this extent.
"What? When did you see me as part of the your family? I don't recall you saying that before?" Chu Feng lightly smiled then said, "Even you said it. Fists and kicks don't have eyes, so you cannot complain about any injuries. What are you doing right now? You can't take the loss?"
"I can't take the loss? It's obvious that you intentionally heavily attacked." Chu Zhen bit his teeth to endure the pain and loudly lashed out. As the victim, he was very clear that Chu Feng's first palm already defeated him. But Chu Feng continued to bombard him with more attacks so it was obvious that it was intentional and he wanted to humiliate him even more.
As he listened to that, Chu Feng smiled again, "I just entered the 4th level of the Spirit realm so I don't understand my strength that much."
"And before, your skill seemed so strong, so naturally I didn't dare to underestimate it and I used my full strength to answer your attack."
"But who would have thought that you were just like a paper tiger, so weak that you couldn't even take one hit. I overestimated you a bit."
"You..." After listening to Chu Feng's words, Chu Zhen's face was pale. He was so angry that every breath he was taking made huge sounds and he almost spit out his own liver out from all the puffing.
Not only was he defeated by the "garbage", he was even mocked in front of the crowd. It was extremely hard for him to accept that.
But, even if he wasn't willing to, he could say nothing about it because the rules just now were made by him and his brother.
"Chu Feng, don't be too arrogant. If you have the guts then let's go right now." Just at that time, another person from the Chu family stood up.
"Oh? You want to duel me as well? That's fine. Just bet a Saint Spirit Grass. Do you dare?" Chu Feng stretched his hand towards that person.
"You..."
That person was the same as Chu Zhen, as he also entered the Azure Dragon School at the same time as Chu Feng. However, his strength was not strong as Chu Zhen.
He did dare to duel Chu Feng, but he did not dare if he had to bet the Saint Spirit Grass.
"What's wrong? If there's anyone else who wants to go, you can come right now as long as you don't mind parting with your Saint Spirit Grass."
Chu Feng scanned his gaze at the crowd, but not one of them dared to look at him in the eyes. They were not afraid of Chu Feng, they just didn't dare to take the Saint Spirit Grass as a wager because those were their lifeline.
"Chu Feng, don't be excessive." Finally, Chu Wei talked.
"What's this? Chu Wei, you also want to go? If I'm not mistaken, you are five years older than me right?"
"If you don't mind people saying that you are bullying the young, I don't mind. After all, if I lose, I won't lose face, and if I win I'll earn big, right?"
As he listened to those words, Chu Wei clenched his fists, but he said nothing more.
It was because Chu Feng was correct. Chu Wei was not like Chu Cheng or Chu Zhen since there was not much of an age difference between them and Chu Feng.
However, Chu Wei couldn't because he was not a youth anymore. With his age, even if he defeated Chu Feng, he would be ridiculed by others, so that was why he could not attack.
Seeing that most of the people in the hall lowered their heads, Chu Feng suddenly laughed. He laughed very happily, but before turning around and leaving, he said,
"I'll give everyone here a two phrases before I leave. The first is "thinking that you are infallible", the second is "self ridicule". As for the meanings behind them, all of you can comprehend them by yourselves." After saying that, Chu Feng forced a door open and left elegantly.
At that instant, the atmosphere in the residence became very awkward. Originally, the Chu family wanted Chu Feng to be humiliated, but now, they got humiliated by Chu Feng in front of several outsiders instead. That really made them feel that they had no more face.
But the most unacceptable thing was Chu Feng's strength. Originally, they thought that Chu Feng was the garbage of the Chu family. But now, Chu Feng was at the 4th level of the Spirit realm and he surpassed many people. That made them feel a lot of shame.
Chu Feng walked out of the residence and he felt refreshed in his heart. Pretty much from his younger times until now, he was bullied by those people, and finally, he bullied them back today.
Actually, that wasn't bullying. Chu Feng was only forced by them. But no matter what, Chu Feng felt extremely refreshed.
"Chu Feng." Before Chu Feng even walked far, a sweet call came from behind him, and it was Chu Yue.
"Chu Yue, why did you come out?" Chu Feng asked confusedly.
Chu Yue ran to Chu Feng's side while laughing, and using her white hand, she lightly punched Chu Feng's chest and said happily,
"You're quite good! I was saying why you were so calm when you were in the outer court. But now, after a day, you already caught up to me."
Chu Feng embarrassedly shook his head, "Chu Yue, I've given you troubles today and it seems that your Chu Alliance gathering has to end unhappily."
"Don't worry, giving them a lesson is good or else they would bully you all day."
"That's right. Chu Feng, let's go together in the Spiritual Medicine Hunt tomorrow! Those things are very hard to catch alone."
"You know my relationship with them. Even if I was willing to join the Chu Alliance, they wouldn't be willing to." Chu Feng shook his head.
"Don't worry about those things and just leave it to me. Just come and find us here tomorrow." Chu Yue gave another bamboo sheet to Chu Feng and on there was the gathering location for the Chu alliance tomorrow.
"Fine." Seeing Chu Yue being so persistent, Chu Feng could not bear to refuse it.
After appeasing Chu Feng, Chu Yue jumped and bounced back to the residence. She was really happy today because Chu Feng gave her a huge surprise.
Everyone in the world respected strength, and seeing that Chu Feng revealed unordinary strength, she felt that perhaps people from the Chu family would start to accept Chu Feng.
To unify the Chu family without discrimination was her biggest wish.
"Chu Wei, you guys..." But just as she arrived in front of the residence, Chu Yue found out that all the Chu Alliance members already left.
"Hmph." Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen fiercely glared at Chu Yue, said nothing and left.
"Chu Yue, it's not like I want to say it, but today you sided too much with that Chu Feng."
"Now you've done it. Not only did Chu Feng take two Saint Spirit Grasses from us, we even got insulted by him. Now everyone left in anger. Are you happy now?" Chu Wei reprimanded strictly.
"Chu Wei, just view it as my fault and don't blame him. In any case, Chu Feng is still part of our Chu family."
"Look, you've seen Chu Feng's strength. He isn't the trash in your eyes. Also, our Chu Alliance needs people now, so why not let him join?"
Listening to Chu Yue say that, Chu Wei's face instantly changed. But, as he was going to say something, a strange flicker appeared in his eyes, and at the end, he sighed helplessly,
"Ahh, I can't do anything about you."
"Fine, I'll give Chu Feng another chance. Bring him tomorrow."
"That's great! You're the best." Chu Yue jumped excitedly and her smile was especially splendid.
"Okay, hurry up and rest early." Chu Wei shook his head and walked towards his own residence.
"Chu Wei, you should also rest early." Chu Yue smiled and waved at Chu Wei, then followed Chu Wei with her eyes as he left.
Chu Wei allowing Chu Feng to enter the Chu Alliance made Chu Yue happy beyond her expectations. But, what she didn't see was that the moment Chu Wei turned his body around, a sinister smile was formed by his mouth.
"Senior Chu Yue, the one called Chu Feng concealed himself quite deeply. I've stayed in the outer court for so long but I've never even heard his name before. It seems like he was aiming to be the first in the disciple exam."
Just at that time, a young man walked over. He was the same as Chu Feng, also being a new disciple this year. He just joined the Chu Alliance today.
"You're correct. Chu Feng must have stayed in the outer court for the exam reward. I wonder if he got it or not..." Listening to what he said, Chu Yue also suddenly realized that.
"Senior Chu Yue, you're thinking too much. A fierce character appeared in this year's outer court and that person got first place."
"Although Chu Feng has quite some strength, he cannot even be compared to that person." The young man smiled and said.
"Fierce character? How fierce?" Chu Yue curiously asked.
"Extremely fierce. One rank 4 Fierce Beast, nine rank 3 Fierce Beasts, thirty rank 2 Fierce Beasts were all slaughtered by that person within a blink."
"When the genius disciples of the outer court arrived, they only saw the Fierce Beasts' corpse that filled the ground. Isn't that amount of strength fierce?"
"That strong?" At that instant, Chu Yue's face was filled with shock.
She also passed the inner court disciple exam, so she knew the power of the mechanism stage. She also knew about the terrifying Fierce Beasts.
To be able to kill that many Fierce Beasts before people even arrived really made her imagine how strong that person was. It would require a person of at least the 5th level of the Spirit realm to do that.
"Who's that person called?" After being shocked, Chu Yue also wanted to know the name of this fierce character.
"Ahh, I want to know as well..."
"But sadly, that person intentionally hid their identity. After taking the reward, that person did not open the door out of the underground palace. Instead, that person concealed themself so no one knew who that person was." The young man shook his head and left.
"That person is quite strange. So strong, yet so low-toned. Perhaps that person has a secret that cannot be told to other people?"
At that instant, Chu Yue got more and more curious towards the so-called fierce character.
It was because she knew that it might represent another genius disciple rising from the inner court.
"Oh no." But suddenly, Chu Yue was suddenly alarmed because she thought of a strange scene that just happened.
When Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen left, they did not head towards their own residence. The direction that they headed towards was the same road as Chu Feng.
With that, Chu Yue knew that something was wrong and quickly headed towards the same direction as Chu Feng.
The inner court was extremely huge and there was quite some distance between Chu Feng and Chu Yue's residence.
However, Chu Feng did not rush nor panic and he slowly walked. He kept on going until he arrived to a desolate location, then he stopped there.
"Don't be so sneaky and come out." Chu Feng's gaze was cast towards a corner in the darkness.
"You are quite alert. It seems that I've really underestimated you." Before even finishing his sentence, two familiar bodies walked out of the shadow. They were the brothers Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen.
Chu Zhen's face was a lot better, but his anger did not decrease in the slightest. He even had thoughts of killing Chu Feng.
"Chu Feng, I'll give you a chance. Hand over the three Saint Spirit Grasses, kneel in front of my brother, kowtow and apologize. Then perhaps I'll forgive you." Chu Cheng glared at Chu Feng and absolute confidence filled his tone.
"What, you two want to rob me?"
"So what if we rob you?"
"You need strength to rob."
"Strength? I'll tell you right now what strength is."
Chu Cheng's body moved and strong wind rose behind him. In a blink, he arrived in front of Chu Feng. His hand was in a claw state and he directly attacked Chu Feng's throat.
It had to be mentioned that Chu Cheng's strength was several times stronger than Chu Zhen, and he was not weak even within the ranks of the 4th level Spirit realm.
However, his opponent was Chu Feng, the fierce character that bare-handedly killed a rank 4 Fierce Beast.
*whoosh* Chu Feng dashed to the side and dodged Chu Cheng's attack.
At the same time, one of his foot touched the ground. He suddenly spun, and after one rotation, his foot was retracted.
Seeing that, Chu Cheng's face slightly changed and he hurriedly backed off. But sadly, not only were Chu Feng's feet abnormally quick, his positioning was accurate and there was no way to dodge it.
As he panicked, Chu Cheng could only put both his arms together and forcefully block Chu Feng's attack.
*bang*
*tatata*
After the sweep of the leg, Chu Cheng was forced back several steps and a numbing feeling continuously came from his arms.
At that instant, Chu Cheng frowned slightly. No matter what, he did not think that Chu Feng would have such powerful strength.
That strength completely exceeded his expectations so he had to treat the fight seriously.
"You know your stuff, but with only a body of brute strength, at the end, it is impossible to become useful. I'll let you experience the might of the martial skills."
*papapapa*
"Haa!"
Chu Cheng continuously hit the acupuncture points of his body and he suddenly yelled out loud. In a instant, his body expanded quite a bit and his fists increased were also increased in size.
Also, his skin turned from white to purple and veins emerged. It was quite frightening.
"A strengthening skill."
Chu Feng squinted his eyes and he could tell that Chu Cheng used some sort of strengthening skill.
That kind of skill would not change the amount of skills one had, but their entire body would receive an upgrade.
After cultivating to a certain point, one's body would not be invaded by the elements, nor can swords or spears pierce through the body. Their entire body would like a lethal weapon.
He saw Chu Feng's change in expression so Chu Cheng was instantly proud of himself. Although Chu Feng's strength was unexpected, he knew that Chu Feng's biggest weakness was that he did not cultivate any martial skills.
The skill that he used was called Body of Steel. With that skill, one would be almost invincible while physically battling a person of the same level, so he had absolute confidence that he could defeat Chu Feng.
"Chu Feng, you can kneel down and beg for forgiveness, or..."
But not even letting him finish his words, Chu Feng's body flashed, and disappeared.
When Chu Feng reappeared, he arrived in front of Chu Cheng. A strong, heavy fist got bigger and bigger before in his eyes.
Seeing that Chu Feng dared to battle with him physically, Chu Cheng sneered and he also threw his fist out at Chu Feng's fist.
*clang*
With the collision of the two fists, a sound rang out, as if it was the collision of steel.
But after that exchange, Chu Cheng got pushed back a few steps. The numb feeling did not decrease but rather increased on his fist and he looked at Chu Feng who did was not even pushed half a step back.
"How is this guy's body so strong?"
Chu Cheng finally realized that something was wrong. With his current cultivated skills, there was pretty much no one that dared to meet his force with force in the same cultivation level.
But right now, in front of his eyes, not only did Chu Feng meet force with force, he even had the advantage. That really made him feel that the situation was not good.
*whoosh*
Suddenly, Chu Feng's body dashed in front and he struck out with a single palm. He directly attacked Chu Cheng's right in front of him.
Chu Cheng who had two previous lessons did not forcefully accept it. Instead, he aimed at Chu Feng's wrist and grabbed it.
"This..."
But it still wasn't time for Chu Cheng to be happy. He surprisingly found out that his hand grabbed onto nothing, and the palm that was heading straight for him also disappeared in the air.
*thump*
"Ah!"
As he was surprised, an extremely powerful palm fiercely landed on his chest.
Chu Feng's palm had a lot of power. Chu Cheng got pushed back beyond ten meters then fell on the ground while spraying out a mouthful of blood.
That scene made the observing Chu Zhen widen his eyes and mouth. No matter what, he wouldn't have thought that even the Chu Cheng that was in the 4th level of the Spirit realm would be defeated by Chu Feng's hands.
That already exceeded his bearable boundaries. After all, before, Chu Feng was a useless person that could not be more useless.
"How did this happen..."
At that time, on Chu Cheng's face, other than pain, most of it was shock.
He could not understand. He could not understand why he wasn't able to grab onto Chu Feng's wrist and got hit by him instead.
"Did he train in a skill?"
"Impossible. Absolutely impossible. He's only been in the inner court for ten days. How is he able to use skills?"
Chu Cheng felt that what Chu Feng showed could not be martial skills, because within ten days, it was impossible to learn a martial skill.
But if he knew that not only did Chu Feng use martial skills, it was even the strongest skill in the inner court, the Illusionary Palm, who knew how he would feel.
"Brother." Just at that time, Chu Zhen ran over, supported Chu Cheng and wanted to escape.
He was really panicking. He only thought that if Chu Cheng could not defeat Chu Feng, he could only think of escaping.
"No need to leave so quickly you two."
But just at that time, Chu Feng appeared without even making a sound and blocked their path.
"Chu Feng, what are you doing?"
Chu Zhen had a calm face on the surface, but he could not cover the fear in his heart.
It was because the current Chu Feng was completely different from the Chu Feng in his memories. It was as though he was a completely different person. That change really terrified him.
"I'm not planning on anything, just take out all the things on you, kneel and beg for forgiveness, then I'll let you go." There was a small smile that hung on Chu Feng's face, but that smile made them even more frightened.
"Chu Feng, don't be excessive." Chu Cheng said while grinding his teeth.
"I'm excessive? You all said with your mouths that I'm garbage. Humiliating and insulting me in front of others."
"You even followed me sneakily, and you wanted to rob me and beat me up. Now you say I'm excessive?"
"I know that you don't see me as part of the Chu family, but that doesn't matter, because I have never seen you as family either."
"Insulting me is fine, but to treat Chu Yue like that is intolerable, because Chu Yue is family to me, and she is one of the few people I want to protect."
After saying that, Chu Feng's face suddenly turned cold and he extended his hands. With two sharp "bangs", two clear slaps landed on Chu Cheng's and Chu Zhen's face.
Those two slaps were very powerful and the two of them rigidly fell on the ground. After that, Chu Feng suddenly extended his leg and fiercely kicked Chu Cheng's chest.
"How's your mouth now? Weren't you able to force your logic? Weren't you very threatening?"
"Why aren't you saying anything? Talk. Say...please forgive me." While Chu Feng was speaking, he slapped Chu Cheng two more times.
After those two slaps, both of Chu Cheng's cheeks were left with two red palm marks and a trace of blood flowed from his mouth.
"For me to beg to trash like you, you wish." Chu Cheng seemed very unyielding.
But Chu Feng only smiled, and started waving both his arms. Several slaps continuously landed on Chu Cheng's face.
In that situation, Chu Cheng's cheeks quickly started swelling, and his head became a pig's head.
"Chu Feng!" Seeing that his own elder brother was cruelly hit by that, Chu Zhen finally exploded.
"Move." Just with a wave of his huge sleeve, and with a slap, Chu Zhen laid on the ground without even having strength to climb back up.
That instant, Chu Zhen truly understood the difference between him and Chu Feng. So it turned out he really couldn't even take one attack from Chu Feng.
"Chu Feng, kill me if you dare!" Chu Cheng revealed a sinister glare and started bellowing.
"You think I don't?" As he said that, Chu Feng took a dagger from Chu Cheng's waist, aimed it at his dantian and said,
"I will count to one. If you don't beg for forgiveness, I'll destroy your dantian and you won't be able to cultivate anymore in your life."
"You dare?!?" Hearing Chu Feng words, Chu Cheng face instantly changed. There was no more sinisterness, and replacing that was incomparable fear.
He felt the same as Chu Zhen. He also thought that the Chu Feng in front of him was completely different from the Chu Feng in his memories.
He could really not be sure whether or not Chu Feng would destroy his dantian, or whether or not he would kill him.
Chu Feng smiled, but his smile was very malicious. He raised the dagger up high and spit a single word out very faintly,
"One."
*whoosh*
Before he even finished speaking, Chu Feng's dagger suddenly descended.
"I was wrong!!"
"I was wrong, Chu Feng I was wrong. Please forgive me, please...don't destroy my cultivation, please don't..." Chu Cheng yelled out as if he was crazy and his sounds carried some sobbing noises.
With that, Chu Feng also stopped his movements with a bit of shock and smiled while looking at the current Chu Cheng.
He discovered that Chu Cheng had his eyes closed, 2 rows of tears were rushing out, and his mouth kept on asking for forgiveness.
Not only was his expression painful, his entire body was trembling, and underneath, there was even a huge puddle with a nasty smell emitted from it.
Chu Feng threw the dagger on the floor, searched around Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen's body, and finally he found five low quality spiritual medicines, "Ground Spirit Grass".
After doing that, Chu Feng went in front of Chu Cheng, lightly patted his face, and said,
"Look at yourself. Who is the actual garbage? You should now know that clearly in your heart."
"Haha..." After saying that, Chu Feng laughed and left gracefully.
After Chu Feng left, Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen supported themselves and stumbled into the darkness of the night.
But before they left for long, a beautiful face walked out from the darkness. It was Chu Yue.
However, Chu Yue's sweet face was already filled with astonishment.
After quite a while, she muttered to herself, "Chu Feng, what kind of person are you, and what kind of strength do you have..."
Suddenly, she closed her eyes and she remembered the young Chu Feng.
No matter how much people mocked him, he never mocked back.
No matter how much people humiliated him, he never attacked back.
A smile was always on his face and it made people feel pity. It made people feel sorry for him. It made people want to protect him.
Finally, Chu Yue opened her eyes and she suddenly smiled,
"Perhaps we were wrong by looking at you as a weak person."
"Perhaps this is the real you. You don't need the protection of others, because you are strong enough to protect others."
At that moment, Chu Feng already returned to his own residence. He took out the three Saint Spirit Grasses and the five Ground Spirit Grasses out.
Although the Ground Spirit Grasses were only low quality spiritual medicine, they were still precious items for cultivation. Chu Feng felt that by taking them away, it was enough to make Chu Cheng and Chu Zhen feel pained.
When he thought of the brothers who always humiliated him just got a lesson given by him, Chu Feng felt extremely refreshed.
"It seems that there's a correct saying. 'Against an evil person you need a grindstone for an evil person.' To talk reason to an evil person requires one to use their fists."
Chu Feng smiled, but didn't rush and start cultivating. He took out his elder brother's letter.
He opened the letter and rows of familiar characters appeared in front of him. It was Chu Guyu's handwriting.
"Brother, five years has passed since you entered the Azure Dragon School, and we haven't met each other in five years as well."
"After a few more days, the annual family gathering will arrive, and this year, the head of the family will retire from his position."
"With his retirement, we need to elect the new head of the family, and father is one of the candidates."
"To father, this is an extremely important day, so I hope that you can return in this year's gathering and cheer for father along with me."
Although there were only a few lines of words, the meaning was passed on. Chu Feng thought deeply about the letter's contents.
Every year, in the family gathering, the young generation of the Chu family would have a martial exchange competition to test the results of their cultivation.
Although it was only test on the surface, in reality, it showed the potential of the younger generation and it also decided the position of the older generation in the family.
This time, Chu Yuan was able to get the qualifications as a candidate, because not only did he have strong power, he also had an absolute relationship between Chu Guyu.
Chu Guyu. Within the young generation of the Chu family, he was the only person able to enter the Lingyun School.
He pretty much was able to get first in all the family competitions. His potential was very huge, so naturally, it affected Chu Yuan's position.
After some thought, Chu Feng found a pen and paper, then started to write the reply letter to Chu Guyu.
The content was very simple. This year, he would go the family gathering, because Chu Feng also wanted to help out in his father's election.
He wanted to demonstrate his abilities in the family competition and at least get a decent position. That way, he could let everyone know that both of Chu Yuan's sons were not mediocre.
Or in other words, Chu Feng felt that the time to prove himself had arrived.
After writing the letter, Chu Feng completely refined the three Saint Spirit Grasses and the five Ground Spirit Grasses.
That time, Chu Feng finally felt a full feeling in his dantian. With his estimation, after refining another twenty Saint Spirit Grasses, he may be able to have a breakthrough.
However, those twenty Saint Spirit Grasses would cost an astounding amount. Therefore, he put all his hopes in tomorrow's Spiritual Medicine Hunt.
The next morning arrived and the sky just started getting bright. But in the huge plaza at the north of the Azure Dragon School, over ten thousand people were gathered there. It was one of the entrances to the Spiritual Medicine Mountain.
Chu Feng carried two bags. One was full of food, the other was completely empty. He was looking all around in the crowd and trying to find Chu Yue.
"Chu Feng, here."
He heard a familiar sound and Chu Yue was indeed nearby. She was happily waving her hands at Chu Feng.
Compared to Chu Feng's equipment, Chu Yue was a lot simpler. She only brought a waist purse and she had the same as the clothing as yesterday.
"Chu Yue, you're not bringing food? The Spiritual Medicine Hunt spans for a whole ten days. What are you going to eat?" Chu Feng had a face of confusion on.
"Idiot. Don't forget that we are an organization. I'm only responsible for chasing the spiritual medicine. Rough work like carrying food would of course be done by other people."
As Chu Yue said that, she pointed to some place. The members of the Chu Alliance were there and Chu Feng had seen them yesterday.
Indeed, three of them carried a huge bag, and those must have been for food.
"Chu Feng, there are different teams for hunting the spiritual medicine. After entering the mountain we split into 3 groups."
"In every group, some are responsible for carrying food, some are responsible for surrounding the spiritual medicine, and I am responsible for hunting the spiritual medicine."
"The division of work was determined by strength, and the division of spiritual medicine was also divided like that." Chu Yue explained in detail to Chu Feng.
With that, Chu Feng had a deeper understanding in spiritual medicine hunting and he also learnt the benefits of group hunting.
Before being picked, the spiritual medicine had their spiritual nature so they could escape. Without an absolute strength, it was really too hard to try and catch spiritual medicines by yourself.
That was also why a large portion of the disciples would choose to enter an alliance. It was because with strength such as theirs, the group power was indeed stronger than their personal power.
After describing the methods of hunting the spiritual medicine, Chu Yue brought Chu Feng to the crowd of the Chu Alliance.
After getting near, Chu Feng found out that there was one less person than yesterday. That person was exactly Chu Cheng.
Yesterday, Chu Cheng was beaten extremely badly by Chu Feng. His entire face became a pig head, so he must have had no face to see anyone. That was why he abandoned his chance in the rare Spiritual Medicine Hunt.
Other than Chu Cheng, Chu Feng also saw another familiar person, and it was Chu Zhen.
But, the current Chu Zhen did not have the former arrogance. He lowered his head and said nothing, seemingly having received a huge blow and it seemed extremely depressing.
"I, Chu Feng, am present as the last member here."
"Everyone welcome Chu Feng. Clap."
*papapa...*
After Chu Yue brought Chu Feng there, she cheered and clapped.
Seeing that, the several Chu Alliance members who were not part of the Chu family also clapped to welcome him and nodded at Chu Feng.
They had seen Chu Feng's strength yesterday, and no matter how the Chu family saw Chu Feng as, at least they approved of Chu Feng in their hearts.
But, other than Chu Yue and the others, the Chu family disciples did not do anything and their gazes towards Chu Feng were extremely ill.
"Chu Yue, what are you doing? You brought an outsider like him to our Chu Alliance? Hurry up and get him lost!" Chu Wei suddenly angrily yelled.
"That's right, the Chu Alliance does not welcome him. Get him lost!" At the same time, the other people also started yelling.
Their voices were very loud, as if they were intentionally doing that to let everyone around them hear it. Indeed, they really did attract the attention of the people around them.
At that instant, Chu Feng frowned. He never would have thought that Chu Wei would ‘welcome' him like that.
How was that even welcoming? It was obvious to humiliate him, especially in front of all the disciples around him.
"Chu Wei, what are you doing? Didn't you say yesterday..." At that instant, Chu Yue panicked, and she didn't know what to do.
"Chu Yue, shut up. What I say in this Chu Alliance goes. I can accept anyone, but absolutely not Chu Feng." Chu Wei didn't even give Chu Yue the chance to finish talking.
"Chu Wei, I never would have thought you..."
"Fine, since you don't accept me, I will back out."
Chu Yue finally got herself together. She knew that she was used by Chu Wei to cause Chu Feng to be in such a difficult situation.
"Chu Yue, I'm afraid that you have no say in this. Unless you want to leave the Chu family, you cannot leave the Chu Alliance." Chu Wei coldly smiled, as if he already guessed that Chu Yue would have this reaction.
"You...You are simply..." Chu Yue was grinding her teeth in anger, yet she didn't know what to do. She could only helplessly cast her gaze at Chu Feng, "Chu Feng, I..."
"Chu Yue, no need to explain. I know that this can't be blamed on you." Chu Feng's face was very calm, and as he scanned over Chu Wei and the others, he said,
"Your Chu Alliance isn't accepting me right? Fine. That's fine. Remember what you said today. I guarantee that one day, I will make you regret everything that you've done today."
"Hahaha, what a joke. You think you're some big shot? We will regret? You think you're worth something for us to regret over?"
"That's right, who do you think you are? Shameless."
They didn't even put Chu Feng's words into their hearts. In their eyes, Chu Feng was only a useless person, because from when he was little, they already imprinted a mark like that on Chu Feng.
"This place is quite lively." But just at that time, a clear voice suddenly resounded.
Everyone looked over, and they only saw two young men slowly walking over.
They were a pair of twin brothers. Their purple long sleeved clothing were very dirty, and it was so dirty that you could even see the oily shine.
The two of them were holding sugar canes, and while chewing, they continuously made ear-piercing noises and it was really annoying.
However, when everyone saw the badges on their chest, not one of them was not surprised.
On the badge, there was a pair of wings. It was the symbol of the strongest alliance in the inner court, the Wings Alliance.
"It's the Dragon and Tiger brothers of the Wings Alliance." At that moment, many people recognized those people, and all sorts of cries endlessly rang out.
The male disciples revealed a respectful expression, while the female disciples were screaming like they loved those two people. Even Chu Yue's face became heavier.
"Chu Yue, you recognize them?" Chu Feng asked curiously.
"Mm, their names are Bai Long and Bai Hu. They are the same age as me, sixteen years old."
[TN: "Bai" is white, "Long" is dragon, "Hu" is tiger.]
"They entered the Azure Dragon School at the same time as me, but they passed the inner court disciple exam at the age of twelve and they even placed first at that exam."
"According to rumours, they've already entered the 6th level of the Spirit realm one year ago. They are real genius disciples."
Chu Yue had a solemn expression while talking about those two and it showed that those two were very important in Chu Yue's heart.
"6th level of the Spirit realm at the age of sixteen!"
After hearing Chu Yue's words, Chu Feng also reevaluated the Dragon and Tiger brothers because he knew that his elder brother Chu Guyu entered the 6th level of the Spirit realm at the age of seventeen and was considered to be a genius.
Those two were a whole year younger than Chu Guyu and it really showed that the members of the Wings Alliance were not ordinary people. No wonder they were viewed as the alliance of legends.
"They...They seem to be walking towards us. We...We...didn't offend them did we?"
As they saw that their target was them, everyone in the Chu Alliance started getting nervous and Chu Wei was no exception.
After all, the names of the brothers were too well-known. Even without their status of being in the Wings Alliance, their shine could not be covered.
They did not dare to offend those kinds of people, because if they did, it meant that they were sentenced to death in the inner court.
But as they got closer, the crowd finally breathed a sigh of relief because they found out that their target was Chu Feng.
"You are Chu Feng?" Bai Long looked up and down at Chu Feng.
"Problem?" Chu Feng calmly replied.
"Oh?" Hearing Chu Feng's response, Bai Hu couldn't help but frown and also started to judge Chu Feng.
"This is great. The Dragon and Tiger brothers were looking for Chu Feng."
"Hmph, he just entered the inner court and he offended the brothers. Well deserved."
"Let's see how he's going to die this time."
At that instant, the members of the Chu family were all happy. They all wanted Chu Feng to offend some big shot and then get killed by them.
Who would have thought that Chu Feng actually did offend the Dragon and Tiger brothers? It really made them quite joyful.
However, the next words that the brothers said instantly astounded them.
"Chu Feng. Interested in joining the Wings Alliance?"