After entering the 'Northern End Cave' at the end of a three months journey, I was able to witness the overwhelming sight of all types of battle gear piled up like a mountain. "Wow, what is this?" The names of the brilliant battle gear were in a colorful mix of green, yellow, and purple. If I took only a few of these, I would become a rich man! I wanted to take all the battle gear, but it was impossible. [This item can't be obtained.] "How stingy and dirty." Items that couldn't be acquired despite them being right in front of me! When I put it in my bag, it would return to its original spot like a mirage. This situation was like that of a pie in the sky, or a woman already being married.  No, a married woman was still different from a pie in the sky, as one could still obtain a married woman if one tried enough. In the end, I could only stare at the items with longing and regret.  'Indeed... If a user could obtain all of these, Satisfy's economic balance might crumble. Unfortunately, I understand.' I didn't come here for the battle gear in the first place. I soothed my mind and turned my attention away from the pile of battle gear. There was an old book placed on a shiny gold table. "Finally..." All the hardships I experienced while coming here passed through my mind. Laughter emerged as my nose became runny and tears dripped down. Thank goodness I had patience and tenacity, otherwise, I would've quit the game because of the terrible difficulty of the quest. I felt great pride at the thought of clearing this quest.  "Kukuk...puhahahat!! I finally found it!! Oh, yehhhhhh!" A damn S-grade quest that was impossible to give up!  Incidentally, how many deaths have I experienced before on this solo quest? How many items were destroyed due to no durability?! A human blacksmith who transcended the skills of a dwarf, Pagma achieved the culmination of god-like techniques! The face of Earl Ashur, who made me visit one of the Eternal Kingdom's five forbidden zones, popped into my head. "If I bring this to him, I can get the Sun Sword? Once I get it, no one can match me for the rest of my life, you bastards! I will make you pay for hitting me!" Pleasure surged like a tide as I picked up the book. [You have acquired the legendary craftsman's rare book!] [It isn't in a proper state. You can check the details using the Eye of Pallalian.]  [Do you want to use the Eye of Pallalian?] "Eye of Pallalian? A high-end appraisal item is needed to check the item?" Eye of Pallalian was the most expensive among the existing appraisal items.  Six months ago, I had bought it just in case I got a jackpot, but sadly, I couldn't use it and it was left in my inventory. "I don't want to miss a golden opportunity..." I put the appraisal on hold and examined the golden table. I wondered if there was a way to take this gold away, but it wouldn't budge. Kicking, pulling and even biting it was useless.  It was an item like the battle gear that users couldn't own. "Ah, I really can't salvage anything because of this effective system. The price of my three months of work is very high." I gazed at the book in my hand. 'I have to give Ashur the item so do I really need to use an expensive item to appraise it?' I struggled for a moment before pulling out the Eye of Pallalian. It was natural to wonder about the source of my three months suffering. "Appraisal." [Pagma's Rare Book]  Rating: Legendary This is a book that contains the techniques of Pagma, the blacksmith who transcended human limits. The person who opens the book can become a legendary blacksmith. Effects: Become Pagma's descendant. Conditions: None. * The level and stats will change when used.  [A legendary item has been found!] [Reputation will rise by 500 across the continent.] My body started trembling. "Whoa...jackpot..." It was a legendary item!  My reputation rose by 500 across the continent just because I discovered it!  It was an amazing harvest, given that it was difficult to raise reputation by 100 just in one city.  'Reputation is reputation, but...' I wondered if I had seen it wrongly and read the item description again. However, there was no change in the contents.  "Jack~~pot!!" I wasn't hallucinating.  I was extremely excited and could hear my heart beating wildly. I thought it was just a skill book but it was actually for a class change?  Furthermore, it was legendary grade! This meant it was the strongest class in the world! "Moreover, there is no condition to use..." Tears flowed down from my eyes. During the past year, I had to pay the interest on my loan, my Satisfy account, and I also took a leave of absence from school. My friends left me one by one, the alumni of my school laughed at me, people thought I was lazy... My original plan was to sell the items I gained during the game and turn it into cash so that I could pay off my loan, my account, and my tuition. However, Satisfy wasn't such a fair world.  It was hard to earn money and I could barely obtain equipment for myself, let alone ones I could sell. But now it was different. A thrill went through my body as I shivered. "It is over... I can say farewell to this nightmarish life!" A legendary class change item! If I register it as an auction item on the item trading site, it was clear that the transaction price would be worth tens of millions of won. No, it was an item that gave the best class among two billion users, so would it only be worth tens of millions of won? I could be sure that it was worth at least hundreds of millions of won. I might be able to get my hands on an astronomical amount that I never imagined! "Puhahahahat!! Mother! Father! This freeloader finally made it! Now it's time to leave the game and forget about finding employment! My parents can quit feeling ashamed of their son in front of the neighbors! Sehee! Oppa finally did it! Now you don't have to be embarrassed every time you meet me on the street! When my friends want to come and play at my house, I don't have to refuse and make all sorts of excuses! And my friends! Alumni! They can't ignore me anymore as a pathetic game loser! I will become a success with a game! I have taken a few steps ahead of you guys in the society! Puhahahat!!" I paid 10 million won to purchase a capsule, and my loan interest rose by hundreds of thousands of won every month. 'Ahyoung is still pretty...' I imagined attending my high school alumni meeting for the first time in two years in a foreign car. The successful alumni wouldn't be able to ignore me anymore. Then I blushed as the face of my first love, Ahyoung, came to mind. "Okay, go and sell it!" Quest? I didn't care about that right now. Obviously, while the reward was a weapon that belonged to the epic rating, it was nothing in comparison to the price of this book. My affinity with Earl Ashur would fall and would probably end up with me not receiving any more quests from him. But there was no reason to be afraid in front of hundreds of millions of won.  "Logout!" I confidently exclaimed. Then a notification window flashed in front of my eyes. [You can't log out of the game here.] [Earl Ashur has appeared.] "......?" Dozens of knights jumped into the cave as I was struggling to understand. Then the familiar Earl Ashur appeared. I panicked as he found me and his face distorted. "Foolish traveler, you all have the same greed." [The quest 'Earl Ashur's Secret Request' (S) has changed to 'Earl Ashur's Anger' (SS)]. [Earl Ashur's Anger]  Difficulty Level: SS Earl Ashur chose you due to your average abilities, your stupidity and because you are easy to exploit. He entrusted you with the task of finding Pagma's rare book that he wasn't even sure existed.  He put a watcher on you and came urgently as soon as he heard that you entered the 'Northern End Cave'.  Earl Ashur has witnessed you become blinded by greed over Pagma's rare book and has no intention of forgiving you. He intends to kill you and take away Pagma's rare book. 'Affinity with Earl Ashur has fallen by 100.' Due to your actions, all of the fame you have built in Patrian has disappeared and you have now become infamous. The affinity of Patrian's residents has fallen by 40. They will look at you and call you a thief. Quest Clear Conditions: The deaths of Earl Ashur and his escort knights. Clear Reward: Obtain the title 'Noble Killer.' * Noble Killer: Intelligence -50.  All nobles in the kingdom will despise and oppress you. Your jobs will be limited. The affinity of some commoners and royalty will rise. Quest Failure: Level -2. You will no longer be able to enter Patrian.  Any Patrian soldiers will kill you on sight.]  Patrian was the starter city where I first created my character. I built up a considerable amount of reputation while completing quests in Patrian from level 1 to the present, and my affinity with the residents was at its maximum. All merchants gave me a 20 percent discount when buying goods, and the goods I sold were purchased at 15 percent above their value. There were residents who gave me hidden quests when I approached them. But all these achievements automatically flew away the moment this quest updated. "...Ah, I. This is shit." A curse naturally emerged. "Earl Ashur... no, you bastard! This goddamn bastard forced me onto a quest where I wasn't sure if I could find the item or not!! If Pagma's rare book was something that didn't exist, I would've struggled for months in vain! You are the one who lied in the first place, yet you want to make me notorious in Patrian? Filthy jerk!" As their master was cursed at, the hot-headed knights immediately pulled out their swords. Earl Ashur restrained them and spoke coldly to me,"You had already decided to betray me before you knew you were deceived. Even so, you are still acting so proudly."  "Is it greedy to want a reasonable reward after the hardships of my journey? My betrayal wasn't certain!" He sneered at my words. "Didn't I already promise to give you a reward in return? We entered into a contract and you have trespassed on my good faith out of greed." This wasn't something that I could handle with words. As I fell mute, Earl Ashur's momentum increased as he continued to chatter, "You are truly a poor man. The more I watched, the more I could feel it. But there are times when you can do extraordinary things, as I honestly hadn't expected you to find this cave that had disappeared from history. I will punish you for your ignorance, but as reward for your patience, I will kill you as painlessly as possible."
'This bastard!' I wanted to stab my sword in Ashur's mouth right now, but it was an impossible task. The man's level was 300 and was also a great magician who completed his third class change. His escort knights had an average of level 180. On the other hand, I was only at level 73 and didn't even have a chance against the youngest knight who was serving as a bread shuttle. (Bread shuttle - Usually used at school, where one student is picked on and/or bullied to do the errands for people who are higher on the social ladder than the shuttles are.) But look at the quest clear conditions. I had to kill them. Plus!  Even if I cleared the quest, wasn't the quest compensation garbage? 'My intelligence will be minus 50? Fuck, right now I have 30 intelligence, so won't I be an idiot if I'm at minus 50? And all of the kingdom's nobles would hate me? So where was my exit route?? Why is there a quest like this? Ahhh!!' There was only one choice. Just die. I would drop two levels, but I couldn't succeed anyway. Besides, what was the point of succeeding with such a nasty quest? "Hu..." I felt resigned. The pressure from the knights wasn't a joke. 'This means I would've lost eight levels just from this quest... Ashur... One day, I will become high level and take revenge. Definitely.' I stared at Ashur and vowed revenge, then closed my eyes at the menacing swords in the knights' hands. Then suddenly, I remembered Pagma's book in my hand. 'Wait, what about this?' Would it remain in my inventory after I died if I put it in there before my death? This wasn't a general quest item, so I couldn't be assured of the situation. What was Ashur's purpose in the first place? Pagma's rare book. The reason he wanted to kill me was to take it away. In order for the story to go smoothly, if he killed me, it was likely that Pagma's book would disappear from my inventory and fall into his hands. "Shit!" If I was going to lose Pagma's book anyway, I might as well use it instead of selling! A new option emerged. I could use Pagma's rare book. However, I hesitated. I hated production-related classes.  Wasn't the point of a game to enjoy the thrill of battle? However, if I became a blacksmith, I would have to sweat as I hammered at iron in front of a fire. It might be necessary to carry pickaxes while searching for mines to collect the necessary materials.  It was indeed... 'La. bor.'   At that moment, a chill went down my spine. I was doing brickwork and shovel work at construction sites in real life, and now I needed to do labor in a game as well! Just imagining it made me feel terribly dizzy. "Kuock..." I wanted to remain as a warrior; it was my dream to swing my sword at enemies and someday become an army general. But now it was time to give up on that dream. An item worth hundreds of millions of won would be taken away by an NPC! By that bastard Ashur! "It's better to use it than to lose it to him!" I tearfully opened Pagma's book. The shocked Ashur hurriedly stretched out a hand and chanted a spell. "It's too late, you jerk." I ridiculed him before falling silent as I checked the notification windows appearing one by one. [You have become Pagma's descendant.] [Your level has dropped.] [You are now level 1.] [All skills and stats have been reset.] "......?" I couldn't believe my eyes. Weren't class changes supposed to help you get stronger by strengthening your existing level, stats, and skills? Therefore, I couldn't understand why my level, stats and skills were reset instead of maintained. "What is this?" As I was confused by the unknown situation, new notification windows emerged. [Dexterity stat has opened.] [Blacksmith's Craftsmanship skill has been created.] [Blacksmith's Craftsmanship skill has been mastered.] [Blacksmith's Appraisal skill has been created.] [Blacksmith's Appraisal skill has been mastered.] [Blacksmith's Patience has been created.] [Blacksmith's Patience has been mastered.] [Blacksmith's Disassembly skill has been created.] [Blacksmith's Disassembly skill has been mastered.] [Blacksmith's Repair skill has been created.] [Blacksmith's Repair skill has been mastered.] [All blacksmith skills have been mastered to the level of the Pinnacle and the skills of the legendary blacksmith have been opened.] [The Legendary Blacksmith's Craftsmanship skill has been created.] [The Legendary Blacksmith's Discernment skill has been created.] [The Legendary Blacksmith's Appraisal skill has been created.] [The Legendary Blacksmith's Patience skill has been created.] [The Legendary Blacksmith's Repair skill has been created.] [The Legendary Blacksmith's Disassembly skill has been created.] [The Legendary Blacksmith's Breath skill has been created.] [The Legendary Blacksmith's Blessing skill has been created.] [The Legendary Blacksmith's Creation skill has been created.] [Title, 'One who Became a Legend', has been acquired.] [Composure stat has opened.] [Indomitable stat has opened.] [Dignity stat has opened.] [Insight stat has opened.] In the case of dexterity, it was a basic stat possessed by all users with a production-related class.  However, the Composure, Indomitable, Dignity, and Insight stats were all unfamiliar. Was this a good thing? "Not good!" I was desperate. There were 15 passive skills and 22 active skills that I learned as a warrior. However, I completely lost all my abilities as a warrior. Due to the effect of the class change, I had completely become a laborer. Furthermore, I was level one. The levels that I barely built up over the past year had been completely reset and I needed to start over? I had to restart the damn level-up grind from the beginning?! "Why is there a quest like this? Fuck! Shit! Damnit!" I combined several Korean characters together as a knight's sword rapidly headed towards me. [You have been hit by a blow!] [You have died.] The level 1's low stamina dropped to 0 with a single hit from a level 180 knight. [Quest failed!] [You will no longer be able to enter Patrian.]  [Any Patrian soldiers will kill you on sight.] [Your level has dropped by 2.] [You are now level -1.] [There is no registered residence. Do you want to resurrect at the nearest temple?] "......?" I saw my level and lost it. "Negative? My level is negative??" I was certain that I had been cursed by the gods for some fault in a previous life. I barely got here after three months of hardship only to get this result? I didn't want to play the game. I chose to log out instead of resurrecting. Once I quit the game, I immediately connected to the Internet and searched through all of the Satisfy related forums in Korea to look for information about a negative level. But I couldn't get any information so I wrote my question directly on the forum. Title: I am currently level -1. Contents: I have been doing a quest for three months and received a legendary old book. However, I failed and my level strangely dropped to -1. Why??? Has this ever happened before???????  I pressed the OK button to post and completely emerged from the capsule. A quick glance in the mirror revealed someone who looked like an emaciated patient with an incurable disease. It was the aftermath of not sleeping for three months while doing the quest. And the only thing I received in return was a loss of hundreds of millions of won and a minus level. "My three months of work have gone flying away... Three months of hard work. Hahaha..." I could've gone and taken some labor jobs, but I ended up shoveling air.  No, it was a loss of time and level. I lost energy and flopped to the ground. I was sad, empty, grumpy, and resentful.  All types of negative emotions were pouring in, giving me a tremendous sense of helplessness. If I were weaker person, I was sure that I would've committed suicide. "...I need to take a shit." I had been connected to the game for a long time, so I headed to the bathroom after receiving a physiological signal. It was three in the morning. All my family members were sleeping. If I woke up my parents then they might curse at me.  I stealthily crossed the living room, quietly did my business in the bathroom, washed up, moved back to the kitchen, and took out a side dish from the fridge. I barely managed to find a spoon in the darkness and returned to my room with a bowl of rice. "Oh, it's sausage fried rice." The taste of a meat processed product! As I ate delicious food and filled up my stomach, I relaxed and could think soberly. "How did my level become minus?" I thought about it before sitting in the capsule to check the question I posted on the Internet. "What?" In the meantime, the number of views on my posts had gone over 10,000. The number of comments was more than 2,000! "D-Don't tell me?" I couldn't find the information, but was the minus level actually famous among users, and the users were excited because it gave tremendous benefits? My dream was destroyed when I checked the comments. Iksl's answer: If there is a minus level, a ghost will appear before me at night.  Eksk's answer: Wow I am level -5 :) We are low-level comrades. Tutu's answer: Did you find a legendary book as well?  Do you have an attention sickness? cm3s's answer: He should be brought to a mental hospital. Take this post down. 7r14's answer: Legendary book... minus level... these days  really, some people... jk12-1's answer: Wouldn't -1 be last place in the rankings  I would quit the game Kkks's answer: Something this unique that hasn't appeared yet, what nonsense. Qkr8's answer: Is it excessive drinking?  Gjte's answer: Wow, minus level... I pay homage to your imagination. You should be a fiction writer.    "......" There were 2,000 comments like these. I felt like an idiot.  'It seems that information about minus level hasn't been revealed at all... am I the first person?' Satisfy's system was configured to allow users to discover and develop themselves. There was no such thing as a customer service center like in other more traditional online games. Satisfy's two billion users had been developing the world during the past year by pioneering and exchanging information on their own.  But in such a vast world, there was a lot of information that hadn't been revealed, such as the minus level that I was experiencing now. Swaaah. It was raining outside the window. According to the weather forecast, it was going to rain all day. It wasn't easy to get a labor job if he went out looking today. I ate the last of the rice and logged into the game again.
Lim Cheolho was the core of the team of 33 scientists who built the virtual reality system and was the person who led the development of Satisfy by establishing the S.A Group. He had many titles: the one with the knowledge of a god, the creator of the virtual reality system, the person who changed the world, the father of Satisfy, the wealthiest person in the nation, one of the most influential figures in the world, a person who received requests for naturalization dozens of times a year from all over the world, the pride of South Korea, etc. His countless titles meant that he received the spotlight every time he attended international events, and his influence transcended the American president, making him the world's envy. In fact, his life wasn't as flashy as discussed in the media. He was the head of Satisfy's development team, as well as head of the S.A Group, so he slept less than four hours a day on average. But was he unhappy?  No, it was something he wanted for himself. Lim Cheolho was proud and enthusiastic about Satisfy, which had captured the hearts of two billion people. "Umm." Lim Cheolho was woken up by the sound of his phone ringing. He checked the time and saw that it was 2:50 a.m. It had only been 20 minutes since he went to sleep. The accumulated fatigue from a month's worth of late nights crushed Lim Cheolho's thinking ability.  His voice was rather sharp as he spoke into the phone, "What is going on? What?" An urgent voice was heard over the phone. Lim Cheolho immediately woke up. "I'm going immediately! Be prepared to give me the report as soon as I arrive!" Lim Cheolho got dressed and entered the elevator, heading to the underground floor of his house. In the underground parking lot, limited edition cars from expensive brands were parked in order by type. He climbed into a sports car with the butterfly style doors and drove to the company at full speed. "What happened?" Satisfy's Operations Office. Lim Cheolho ran into it and asked without recovering his breathing. Yoon Nahee, the head of the operations team, bowed to Lim Cheolho and adjusted her orange horn-rimmed glasses. "It happened five minutes ago." "How interesting!" The excited Lim Cheolho sat down. He turned his gaze to the huge monitor on the wall and the stopped video started playing. The main character of the video was a level 73 warrior. An Asian youth found a cave at the northern end of an island, held Pagma's rare book, and used it. The staff handed two documents to Lim Cheolho as he watched the video. Lim Cheolho read it and rubbed his chin. "In reality, as well as in Satisfy, he is a normal person with no outstanding traits. After being exposed to Satisfy, he suffered from a lack of self-control, resulting in the lowest level of life. How did this person find the cave at the north end that was concealed by a complex algorithm? Does he have an exploration talent that he doesn't know about?" According to the analysis from the development team's 'Morpheus' supercomputer, the North End Cave was supposed to be found by users in one year and ten months. In other words, it meant that the appearance of the legendary book, 'Pagma's Rare Book', was originally supposed to be one year and ten months later. One young man broke everyone's expectations and hastened the timing. The number of users who did their 2nd class advancement was less than 100, and he was now the sole legendary class in the game. Lim Cheolho was greatly interested in the user who gave him a great surprise. But Yoon Nahee didn't think of the young man as anything special. "It was merely a product of coincidence and obsession that he discovered the North End Cave." "I see." The young man called Shin Youngwoo, whose player name was Grid, stayed in only one city for a year and accumulated more than 8,000 reputation in that city. His intelligence stat was also less than 50.  This completed the conditions needed to receive Earl Ashur's quest. He explored areas infested with monsters higher than level 200 for three months without giving up, even though he was less than level 80 and tasted death several times. The most impressive thing about him was his discovery the North End Cave. He found the quest item and was blinded by greed. By choosing to log out, he met the requirements for the linked quest to possess the legendary book.  'There are many ways to meet the activation requirements, but the most extreme one is logging out.' Anyway, as Yoon Nahee said, this chain was the result of coincidence and a stubborn personality. However, the young man proved that coincidences overlapping several times could create a positive cloud. It also reminded him how valuable patience and effort was. 'Luck and persistent are also great abilities.' Yoon Nahee asked a question to Lim Cheolho, who was watching the young man on the monitor with sparkling eyes. "How does the minus level work?" "That is also a cloud of luck." "Huh?" A scientist was talking about luck? Lim Cheolho laughed and explained, "As you know, users below level 10 get the beginner bonus, so their experience won't decrease even if they die. This means that they don't suffer from the level drop phenomenon. But in fact, a hidden system exists. Level reduction due to quest failure will be enforced regardless of the beginner benefits. However, there is no way for a beginner to receive a quest that would cause a level decrease, so it was likely to remain a hidden system forever." Lim Cheolho enjoyed the fragrance of the coffee that a staff member passed him and continued, "The team predicted that if this quest followed the normal course, the one who received 'Earl Ashur's Secret Request' quest would be a minimum of level 350. If the user is over level 350, they have a high chance of clearing the 'Earl Ashur's Anger' quest and becoming Pagma's Descendant. In other words, they wouldn't be lacking in ability like that young man and wouldn't have failed the quest. Only this young man was able to find the hidden system through this quest." Yoon Nahee summarized it succinctly. Grid made an extreme choice during the quest because he was afraid of losing the hard-earned item. At this point, the penalty of falling to level 1 after becoming a legendary class was applied.  Users under level 10 wouldn't experience a drop in experience even if they died, due to the beginner bonus. But there were no exceptions to a failed quest's penalty. Grid was forced to lose two levels due to the quest failure, even though he was level 1, and as a result, he was now stuck at level -1. This was why Lim Cheolho called it a cloud of luck... "Then can a minus level gain experience in the normal way and earn stat points for every level gained?" Lim Cheolho nodded. "Right. He is currently level -1 and will have to gain two levels to reach level 1, where he will then have 20 stat points." "...This means his base stats will be 20 points higher than a character of the same level." "That's right. That young man received a benefit that wouldn't have been possible if he was a player capable of clearing Earl Ashur's quest. He is a really lucky guy." The expressions of the employees grew serious. Yoon Nahee asked him, "A legendary class has appeared two years sooner than expected. A legendary class is already very powerful, so if he has 20 more stat points than his level, won't the balance be broken?" Lim Cheolho showed her the papers listing Shin Youngwoo's information. "This graph shows that his level was quite low in proportion to the amount of time he spent hunting. He was a foolish person who stayed in one city for a year without leaving to find adventures or a more pleasant environment. I don't think he has great talent for the game like the rankers. You don't have to worry."  "Is it really okay? In the eyes of other users, it might be enough to make him look special." "What can we do, even if it isn't okay? We have a policy of not directly interfering in the game, so think positively. Isn't it a good thing that an ordinary user, not a ranker, obtained it? Besides, Pagma's Descendant is relatively weak in combat compared to the other legendary classes..." Lim Cheolho, who was watching the young man on the monitor, suddenly flinched and fell silent. He shook his head at Yoon Nahee's puzzled expression. "No, it isn't a big deal. I will be going now. You have suffered a lot from the late nights of work. I will give you a bonus soon, so please suffer a bit more." The atmosphere of the employees became excited at the word 'bonus'. Lim Cheolho smiled and left the office. 'Why all of a sudden?' Only Yoon Nahee was silent among the raucous staff. She felt nervous as she thought about Lim Cheolho's surprised look. On the other hand, Lim Cheolho's expression subtly changed in the elevator as he muttered Shin Youngwoo's name. *** I lost my place of residence because I was expelled from Patrian. Therefore, I resurrected at a temple near my place of death. Oh and by the way, it was actually a temple for the god of darkness, Yatan. Dark energy hung around the dark room, while robed black magicians wandered around with gloomy expressions. People were shouting and pounding their chests around an altar, but it was too creepy to watch.  Kiyaaaaak! The sharp scream of a woman in pain came from underground. "...Well, it is nothing compared to that notorious place." I had already finished my military service. If someone had been next to me, then they would've felt the general, oppressive atmosphere of a horror movie. I wasn't a female user so I felt no fear at the Yatan Temple. "S-S-Status window." My voice was shaking but I tried not to let it affect me. I ignored the surroundings as much as possible and concentrated on the status window in front of me. Name: Grid  Level: -1 (0/20) Class: Pagma's Descendant * The probability of adding additional options when making items will increase. * The probability of item enhancement will increase.  * All equipment items can be worn unconditionally. However, the is a penalty depending on the rating of the item.  Title: One who Became a Legend * Abnormal conditions don't work well on you. * You won't die when health is at the minimum. * Easily acknowledged. Health: 14/14      Mana: 3/3 Strength: 1   Stamina: 1   Agility: 1   Intelligence: 1  Dexterity: 1 Composure: 1   Indomitable: 1   Dignity: 1   Insight: 1 Stat Points: 0 Weight: 3,035/20 * The weight limit exceeds 200%, so movement speed is reduced by 100%.  The body is heavy and cannot exert any power properly.  The probability of receiving the 'weakened' state has become really high.  A flood of emotions filled my head. The minus level was something I couldn't understand, and the stats that didn't allow me to win a fight against even a rabbit caused anger. However, the special functions given by the title and profession overwhelmed me.
'The minus level isn't a bug.' The numbers in parentheses beside the level indicated my current experience and the amount of experience required to reach the next level. The existence of this experience figure meant that I could level up. In the worst case, I was worried that I wouldn't be able to level up because I was bugged. 'I'm glad it isn't a bug...'  I still felt upset. Think about it: my level was originally over 70, but now I was lower than even new players who had just created their characters. 'I have to endure this.' I braced myself. It might take time, but I could raise my level again. The reason for this positive thinking was due to the qualities of my profession and title. I didn't know anything about item creation, so I couldn't comment on the probability of adding additional options, but it was still good to have. 'The odds of enhancement will increase.' In Satisfy, items could be enhanced up to +10.  However, the price of the materials needed for enhancement was expensive. In addition, the higher the enhancement number and item rating, the lower the probability of the enhancement succeeding. In addition, if the enhancement was successful, the enhancement value would be +1; however, if it failed, it would be -3. The price for items with an enhancement of +6 would rise exponentially. 'I don't know how much the probability has risen, but can't I feel hope for a large amount of money?' Both of the class characteristics that I mentioned were quite attractive. However, my bigger interest was that all items could be worn unconditionally. This was an unreasonable merit. Depending on the penalties that were applied, this attribute could disrupt the balance of the game. 'Isn't this a fraudulent class attribute?' Most of the equipment items in Satisfy had conditions of use attached to them. If the conditions weren't met, the item couldn't be worn. For that reason, every level had strong limitations. But that didn't apply to me, due to the nature of my class. 'Really?' I opened my inventory. [Mamon's Greatsword]  Rating: Epic Durability: 88/204   Attack Power: 178~301   Attack Speed: -16% -Additional water damage will be added to all critical attacks. This is the greatsword patronized by the guardian of Lake Pamian, Mamon. Due to the influence of the lake, this sword has the strong aura of water. Conditions of Use: Level 65 or higher, more than 260 strength, more than 150 stamina. Weight: 1,050 [Mengel's Plate Armor]  Rating: Rare Durability: 51/180   Defense: 165  Movement Speed: -2% * Strength +10 This is a work made by the blacksmith Mengel in the fortified city of Patrian. With it, the defense is improved and the weight lowered. The wearer of this work can feel Mengel's strong willpower that remained behind. Conditions of Use: Level 60 or higher, more than 180 strength. Weight: 1,203  My current stats didn't meet the conditions of use attached to Mamon's Greatsword or Mengel's Plate Armor. In other words, a normal person wouldn't be able to wear both items. But I was the exception. [Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped Mamon's Greatsword.]  [A penalty is applied because the item conditions aren't met.] [Attack power of Mamon's Greatsword will decrease by 30%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.] [The penalties will be reduced if your understanding of Mamon's Greatsword increases.] [Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped Mengel's Plate Armor.] [A penalty is applied because the item conditions aren't met.] [Defense of Mengel's Plate Armor's will decrease by 20%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.] [The penalties will be reduced if your understanding of Mengel's Plate Armor' increases.] "Amazing..." Satisfy rarely had items with no usage conditions. I recalled a set of beginner items that were representative of having no conditions. I didn't remember it exactly, but in the case of the beginner's greatsword received at level 1, the attack power was 5~13 and the defense of the beginner's armor was 7. But now I could use a weapon capable of at least 124 to 210 attack power, and 132 defense at level one. 'Won't it be surprisingly easy to recover my level?' No matter how low my level was, I could hunt monsters around level 20 with just the attack power of Mamon's Greatsword. Thanks to Mengel's Plate Armor, I wouldn't receive any damage from low-level monsters. In other words, I could hunt monsters much more quickly and easily than other users at the same level, thanks to the item effect. This would be directly linked to leveling up at the speed of light. 'The basic penalties system is that rare items have a drop of 20% in the basic abilities, while epic items have a 30% drop. Only half of the item effects are applied...'  The penalties were surprisingly small. Unique and legendary ranked items would be subjected to more penalties, but at this point, it was a sufficiently fraudulent ability.  "This is a legendary class...! But what is understanding?" Due to my excitement, I belatedly noticed the bit about 'understanding' that appeared in the notification windows. Then I checked the detailed information. [Item Understanding] Pagma's Descendant can understand the materials and principles of the item by using, disassembling, or repairing the equipment items. The higher the level of understanding, the more efficiently one can handle the items. If you have a 100% understanding, you can learn how to make that item.  "Ohu~" The higher my level of understanding, the fewer penalties there would be. "Then I will get the production method? Wow..." Ordinary production users had to pay a large amount of money or complete hard questions to get the production methods. But I could get it for free, as long as I increased my understanding. 'The repair skill is available and my item durability is low, so I will try and repair it later.' Then I looked at the title attributes. In combat, the one thing players had to be most cautious of was an abnormal status, due to its ability to often reverse the state of a battle. By the way, my title lowered the probability of being affected by abnormal statuses. It also said that I wouldn't die when my health was at the minimum, so I could be temporarily immortal. 'Easily acknowledged, does that mean my affinity with NPCs can be easily increased?' "Puhuhut..." I was happy. I was so happy that I couldn't stop laughing. The class and title attributes alone gave me the feeling of being ahead of other regular users. I had become special. This felt like proper compensation for my three months of suffering. "But..." I would've enjoyed a much greater pleasure if I could've sold the book for money. "I missed out on the opportunity to get rid of my creditors and to drive a foreign car!" I suddenly went from feeling good to feeling bad. "Shit! Fuck! Ashur!!" I pounded the floor with frustration and resentment. I poured all out types of profanities towards Ashur. Gradually, my heart was soothed. It was due to an unfamiliar stat, so I decided to check it. [Composure] The probability of being affected by an abnormal state is lowered. If affected by an abnormal condition, you will recover quickly. * The higher the number, the higher the effect.  * Stat points can't be distributed to this stat. [Indomitable] Has a certain probability of invalidating a portion of the incoming damage. The lower the health, the higher the probability. * The higher the number, the higher the effect. * Stat points can't be distributed to this stat.  [Dignity] Can't be pushed down by others. There is a rare chance of making the enemy submit to you. * The higher the number, the higher the effect. * Stat points can't be distributed to this stat.  [Insight] Discover the target. Predict risks. * The higher the number, the higher the probability. * Stat points can't be distributed to this stat.  Every stat had a great effect.  'By the way, how am I going to raise the number if I can't distribute points to it?' The explanation seemed huge, but they might be stats without much practical use. The moment that I was about to open the skills window. "Aack!" I screamed with fear. Something had suddenly touched my back. I belatedly recalled that I was in a Yatan Temple. "W-What!!!" I hurriedly turned around and reflexively wielded Mamon's Greatsword. The man behind me dodged my attack and raised both hands. "Hey, calm down. Do you want to kill a person?" The one who spoke was a Caucasian-looking man who seemed to have an assassin type class due to his light equipment and agile body.  'His finger poked my back.' It might've be okay if it was a sword, but it was embarrassing to scream just because of a finger. "What is it?" The man shrugged. "It is dreary. Shouldn't you apologize after trying to kill a person?" His smile looked like a smirk. I disliked this type of person. 'This person is speaking so impolitely at our first meeting.' Certainly, the man looked older than me. At first glance, he seemed to be in his mid-30s. However, my one year experience was enough to let me know how deceptive appearances were. I once called someone 'Brother', only to find out they were seven years older than me.  This bastard, he looked like he was in his 30s but... "Cough." My fists trembled and I barely managed to calm myself as I remembered the shameful past. "I'm sorry about that. But shouldn't you apologize for poking me without notice and surprising me?" The man laughed and asked for a handshake. "Young man, I called out to you. However, you were so engrossed in thinking that you didn't hear me. That is why I poked you. I'm sorry." I refused to shake hands with the man. "So why did you call me?" The man scratched his head and shrugged. "As you know, the Yatan Temple is filled with evil energy. Ordinary people will become afraid if they stay here for a while. But I observed you, and you are fine despite all the time that passed. In addition, you can even manage to laugh alone. You, don't you actually have great abilities?" 'Perhaps this is...' As I got a hunch, I checked the name above the man's head. The man's eyes shone. "My name is Doran. I am a shadow who secretly protects Earl Steim. One or two days after I had gone on vacation, the Earl's esteemed daughter was kidnapped. I tracked her and found out that she was trapped in the basement of this temple. Won't you lend me your strength? I will give you a remuneration for the request." "I don't..." I thought the man was a user, but he was actually an NPC. Due to the perfect artificial intelligence, the distinction between users and NPCs was ambiguous and this mistake sometimes occurred. The name above his head was green, symbolizing an NPC. Then a notification window about a quest popped up. [Rescue the Earl's Esteemed Daughter]  Difficulty: S Irene, the only daughter of Earl Steim, is a beautiful and innocent virgin. The elders of Yatan had kidnapped Irene in order to sacrifice her for her virgin blood. Quest Clear Conditions: Rescue Irene within one hour after accepting the quest. Clear Reward: 3,000 gold, a low probability of becoming the earl's son-in-law.  * Earl's son-in-law: Nobility stat will open, all stats +20. You will be treated as a viscount after marrying the earl's esteemed daughter. Power and honor will rise. You can advance into the social circle of the nobles. You will receive a monthly salary. This can be a shortcut to becoming a high-ranking official or lord. Quest Failure: Level -2. [Would you like to accept the quest?] This was crazy. It was a completely unwelcome quest. Was it because I didn't like the rewards? That was impossible!  'This reward is really good...'  3,000 gold was worth around 3,600,000 won when converted into real cash, which was close to 40 days of revenue for me if I worked without any rest.  But the great thing was the title of 'Earl's Son-in-Law'.  All stats +20!  I currently had nine stats in total: strength, stamina, agility, intelligence, dexterity, composure, indomitable, dignity and insight. If I added the nobility stat, that would equal 10 in total.  If all of these stats were given 20 points, it would be a total of 200 stat points. Every time I gained a level, 10 stat points were obtained, so 200 stat points were worth 20 levels. It would also be wonderful to have a beautiful aristocratic lady as my bride.  'The road is open. But...'  There was a reason why the rewards were so good. It was an S grade quest!  'Earl Ashur's Fury was an S grade quest. ' At the time of the quest, I was level 79 but couldn't cope with the difficulty. I was killed many times during the quest and dropped down to level 73. In addition, the time spent was three months!  I was currently level -1, so I had no means of clearly an S grade quest with a time limit. Why would I accept a quest that would obviously fail?  'Furthermore, my level will fall by two if I fail.'  My body trembled with fear and anger at the thought of my level dropping to -3.  'But why on earth is it an S grade quest again?'  S grade quests were never common quests. Even the top level rankers who were above level 200 could only count the number of times that they've received an S grade quest on their left hands.  However, I wasn't high level user and was currently at level -1.  I recalled what Doran said:  'As you know, the Yatan Temple is filled with evil energy. Ordinary people will become afraid if they stay here for a while. But I observed you, and you are fine despite all the time that passed. In addition, you can even manage to laugh alone. You, don't you actually have great abilities?' There were hints in these words.  The quest seemed to be generated by staying in the Yatan Temple for a certain period of time without falling into the 'fear' state. My title and composure stat lowered my chances of falling under an abnormal condition.  Was it good? Did I like it?  'Won't I be screwed if this is a forced quest? The attributes of this title are crazy, but it's like this game is trying to make me quit.'  I replied unhesitatingly, "I can't do it. Ask someone else."  [The quest was refused.]  I refused the quest, but Doran didn't quit.  "You are the only unusual person, so please help me. A precious person's life is involved!"  [Doran is desperate. Do you understand his sad circumstances and accept the quest?]  The concept of the notification window was lost. Did it think I was in a position to take care of others right now?  I immediately swiped the window away and said, "You are mistaken. I am weak and incompetent, so I won't be able to help you. It would be better for you to take care of it alone."  [The quest was refused.]  "As you know, the believers of Yatan use powerful black magic! I can't rescue the young lady from them alone! Please don't turn away, lend me your strength!"  [Doran hasn't given up. Would you like to accept the quest?)  "No, first of all, I don't have the ability to do it..."  [The quest was refused.]  "You are too modest! Don't you know that the power to ignore their fear isn't common?"  [Doran can only depend on you. Would you like to accept the quest?]  Sometimes, there were quest NPCs who would persist like this. They had their own desperate situations. Yes, I could understand Doran's feelings. If Doran returned without rescuing his master's daughter, his head would go flying off.  But what about me? What if I failed and my level dropped again?  Why should I go through such terrible things because of him? I was more important than a complete stranger! The biggest problem was that I didn't have the ability to help him in the first place.  "Please help! I am begging you!"  Doran fell to his knees.  I looked at him.  This man, all the words I spoke to him were entering one ear and leaving the other. Or maybe he thought I was lying.  'It's probably the latter. Is it so great that I don't feel fear while staying in the Yatan Temple? I haven't been here before so I don't even know what I'm supposed to feel.'  I faced Doran head on and explained with a more serious attitude, "I'm really sorry, but I truly don't have the strength to help you. Don't waste your time on me; call the earl and ask for his help."  [The quest was refused.]  "Every hour is urgent! The young lady's life might be in danger while I go to ask the earl for help! You are the only person I can rely on! This is a request!"  [Doran is hoping for a helping hand. Would you like to accept the quest?]  The limits of patience.  "Ah, this is frustrating! Do you really need my help? I don't want to look at you anymore, so go away!"  "Please give mercy for the sake of her life!"  "What? No! Damn. Yes, I should leave. I am going now!"  I once again refused the quest and turned away from Doran. This was a terrible quest that would cause my level to drop by two upon failure, so I wanted to avoid it. But unlike my thoughts, my feet didn't move quickly. I was 200% over the weight limit, so my movement speed was reduced by 100%.  Doran saw that I was moving as slow as a turtle and misunderstood my actions as he teared up.  "You act so intimidatingly, but you are actually conflicted... You really do want to help me..."  "......"  "Stop feeling conflicted and help me!"  [Doran feels hope again. Would you like to accept the quest?]  "Bullshit! I won't help!"  [The quest was refused.]  I ignored him and hastened my steps. But once again, my speed was slow. This only deepened Doran's misunderstanding.  "Maybe you're conflicted because your life is busy, but the life of a person is more important! This is a request!!"  "I can't! It isn't possible!"  "Don't deceive yourself! In fact, you are suffering as well! You can't leave this place immediately, which is why there is such hesitation in your step!"  "There is no hesitation! I'm not walking slowly! My baggage is heavy, that's all!"  Doran continued chasing after me, and my slow pace couldn't get rid of him.  [Would you like to accept the quest?]  [Would you like to accept the quest?]  [Would you like...]  'What a stupid jerk!'  The notification windows kept popping up no matter how much I refused. I had to make a drastic decision.  'I can't carry on like this. Yes, I have to refuse, even if I develop a hostile relationship with him. He isn't a NPC I need to build up a relationship with, so it won't hurt if he is my enemy.'  I pulled out Mamon's greatsword and glared at Doran.  "I definitely can't help you. If you don't get away right now, I am prepared to hurt you."  Doran grasped the atmosphere and took one step back. Then he slowly opened his mouth.  "I really wish you would help me..."  [Doran is asking for the last time. Would you like to accept the quest?]  Swipe! How many times do I have to see this damn notification window?  "I won't help! Even if I can help, I don't want to! I won't help!"  My stress went over the threshold and I could no longer suppress my anger. In the end, I yelled and swung Mamon's greatsword, expressing my intent not to talk to Doran anymore.  Then...  Kwajak! "Kaaack!"  The sensation of hitting something was transmitted through my fingertips as a scream was heard at the same time. I turned my gaze to the side of the greatsword and saw what just occurred: a believer wearing the robe of Yatan had collapsed with Mamon's greatsword in his neck. An ominous chill went down my spine.  "I was aiming at the crazy guy, so why did the person next to him..."  As I stared at the dying believer, a new notification window popped up.  [Your relationship with the Yatan Church has become hostile.]  [You won't be able to receive Yatan's blessings.]  [The followers of Yatan will try to kill you when they find you.]  The atmosphere of the temple changed. While I was surrounded by dozens of Yatan believers, Doran got up and placed a hand on my shoulder and cried out, "Thank you!!"  "Eh?"  [Rescue the Earl's Esteemed Daughter]  Difficulty: S  Irene, the only daughter of Earl Steim, is a beautiful and innocent virgin. The elders of Yatan had kidnapped Irene in order to sacrifice her for her virgin blood.  You can't tolerate the evil deeds of Yatan's followers. You must surely rescue Irene. Quest Clear Conditions: Rescue Irene within one hour after accepting the quest.  Clear Reward: 3,000 gold, a low probability of becoming the earl's son-in-law.  * Earl's son-in-law: Nobility stat will open, all stats +20.  You will be treated as a viscount after marrying the earl's esteemed daughter. Power and honor will rise. You can advance into the social circle of the nobles. You will receive a monthly salary. This can be a shortcut to becoming a high-ranking official or lord.  Quest Failure: Level -2.  [The quest has been accepted.]  "Wow."  Due to my hostile relationship with the Yatan Church, the 'Rescue the Earl's Esteemed Daughter' quest was forced upon me.  "Huhuhu..."  Some might say this was unlucky. No, it was more accurate to say that I had no luck.  'Failure once again... it will be level -3!'  At any rate, I had no luck. Perhaps I sold a country in my previous life. "Who dares hurt Yatan's believers! Aren't you afraid of the curse of God Yatan?" "God Yatan is almighty! God Yatan has already noticed your sin! You won't be safe for the rest of your life!" "You will pay a heavy price for your blasphemy!" The angry voices of the Yatan followers clamored around me. Their crazy eyes were filled with absolute hostility. 'Will I die now?' The followers of Yatan were black magicians. Black magicians had strong curse abilities, so they were difficult to deal with. 'The black magicians are the problem right now...'  I was currently level -1, and my strength and stamina stats were only one point each. Mengel's Plate Armour added five strength, for a total of six strength. When all of these stats were added up together, I totalled a measly 34 health. I might be able to punch a few of them before going to the netherworld. 'Can I get away? The failure of the quest was fixed anyway. I just wanted to preserve my life. No, I had to survive. If someone died two times in a day, they wouldn't be able to access the game for 12 hours. Okay, this was the only way! "Log out!" [You can't log out of the game here.] "Fuck! I should've expected this!" It was common knowledge that it was impossible to end the game while a timed quest was underway. There was a way to force it, but I didn't want to use it since I would get a huge penalty. After failing to log out, I looked for a way to escape. However, this was the stronghold of the enemy.  I was being surrounded by a rapidly increasing number of followers. No matter how many calculations I made, there was just no way to escape. There was no hope when I was a slow as a tortoise. "Break through to the basement at once!" As I was planning out my actions, Doran shouted at me before pulling out two daggers and throwing them without delay. The hand gestures were so fast that it happened in an instant. Pepeok! "Kuaack!" One of the daggers struck a person's eye while the other pierced another's heart. Doran narrowed the distance towards the pained believers and wielded his dagger. "Open up." The believers couldn't even scream as their necks were sliced and they vanished into a flash of grey light. I couldn't resist admiring it. The lack of information meant I didn't know the exact levels of the Yatan believers, but temple NPCs were generally at least level 150+. These believers were likely to be the same.  Doran handled them so easily that I couldn't even imagine his level. 'Is he perhaps a named NPC?' My impression of Doran changed. Maybe I could clear this absurd quest if I depended on him. 3,000 gold! A huge 3,600,000 won was in front of me! The earl's son-in-law! I imagined getting my hands on all stats +20 and a beautiful wife! I would become a lord with my own territory, where I could steal high taxes from the users and NPCs! 'If I become a landlord, I will be able to get revenue every month.' Exciting!  I began to cheer Doran on. "Good! Doran, fighting! I have admired you for a long time!" "Eh? For a long time? When have you ever seen..." "Ah! Danger! Over there! You must take care of your body!" "B-Body...?" While Doran was surprised by my sudden change in attitude, he focused on dealing with the enemies in front of him. Grey lights appeared in succession. 'Really strong!' Doran skillfully threw numerous hidden weapons as if they were merely extensions of his limbs. The number one person on the assassin ranking, 'Old Sword Demon', that I saw on a broadcast two months ago, was like a young child next to Doran. 'Isn't he three times stronger than Ashur? I must befriend him and ask him to assassinate Ashur!' The Yatan believers ignored me and attacked the threat, Doran. But their efforts couldn't stop Doran's advance. Doran focused solely on those who were chanting spells, attacking them to stop their magic. The black magicians couldn't cast their magic, making them no threat. "Amazing! You are really amazing! Doran, you are my god!" I heard a magic spell being recited and cheered as a black magicians mouth was pierced by Doran's dagger. The best! By relying on the strength of the NPC, I really could complete this quest! Truly a fantastic quest! It seemed pathetic that I had been trying so hard to refuse the quest a few minutes ago! I could barely chase Doran with my slow pace, thanks to Doran occasionally stopping. "Are you waiting for me? How kind. Hehe." Doran was looking around with a terrible expression. "These guys have started to use their heads." "Huh?" I looked around like Doran and saw that the black magicians were chanting spells at the same time. "Blessed souls underground."  "Use your grudges and fears to ensnare the enemy." "Those who feel fear will have their legs restrained." "Their minds will be crushed and they will lose their willpower." "Become a doll with a lost soul!" The black magicians chanting the spell alone would be stopped by Doran before they finished. Therefore, the group shared the spell by chanting the sentences one by one. Those sentences would connect to form one spell and the magic would be cast. "Be prepared." I grabbed Doran's collar and said, "Be prepared? You should do something!" "It is too late." "Dammit!" Kuoooooh!! A line of blood was drawn on Doran's face, and black energy rose like a mist to cover Doran. "N-No! I am finished if you die!" I had boarded the same boat as Doran and Doran was the oarsman. I couldn't escape the quest failing if I was alone on this boat. "Cough!" I cursed and shouted towards Doran, who was coughing up blood. "Fuck! If it was going to be like this, you shouldn't have made me feel expectant in the first place!" At that moment. A green light flowed from the ring Doran was wearing and surrounded him. Then Doran's complexion was gradually restored. 'W-What?' Doran attacked the surprised black magicians, who were chanting new spells. "This ring is special. It protects the wearer from curses and poisons; however, the protection isn't perfect. The damage is cumulative, so I need to avoid as much magic as possible." "Yes, indeed! The great Doran is even wearing a small ring like this!" The ring was clearly had an Epic or higher rating. Was there a way to obtain it? As I was thinking, Doran started to slaughter the enemies again. He allowed a few magic spells to be cast but eventually succeeded in creating a path.  Doran started at the entrance of the staircase leading to the basement. "Come on!" "Yep!" Unlike my vigorous reply, I chased Doran down the stairs at a slow pace. The black magicians pursued us with spells, but they were no threat because Doran threw daggers as soon as he heard chanting. "Young Lady!" Doran and I arrived at the dark basement. Doran found a beautiful woman bound to the altar in the center of the basement and ran to her. But there was a crowd blocking him. There were a dozen black magicians. I laughed at them. "These ridiculous bastards! They need more people than that to be our opponents! Now, Doran! Get rid of them!" "Of course!" Doran nodded and wielded his daggers in front of him. Doran might be tired, but the number of opponents was too small. I was excited as I imagined the black magicians turning into grey light. The quest clear signal was right around the corner. "3,600,000 won and the earl's daughter, here I come!" Tatatang! "...Eh?" There was an unexpected result. The hidden weapons that were thrown by Doran suddenly stopped and fell to the ground. Doran's advance was also stopped. "Shield?" Defense magic couldn't be used by black magicians. It was only possible for black magicians who completed their second class advancement. As I was baffled, a young woman walked out from among the black magicians. It was a woman who boasted the best beauty, a unique beauty that caused the beauty of the noble young lady to pale in comparison.  Somehow, she looked familiar? I checked her name and was shocked. 'Blood Witch!!' The Blood Witch. ID: Yura. The Korean user who was ranked number one on the black magician ranking and ranked number five on the unified rankings. She was a famous person who frequently appeared on TV because of her beautiful appearance and outstanding abilities. Why was she here? Yura looked towards me and stretched out a hand. "I'm sorry, but I can't allow you to take away the sacrifice." Peeng! A red fire sword emerged from Yura's hand. Its momentum was fierce. Unlike a black magician who didn't have a lot of attack magic, she was well versed in it. I was intimidated as I saw the flames. 'Did I get this far, only to die?' Why the hell was she here? As despair filled my body, a notification window popped up. [You have been hit by a blow!] [A legend doesn't die easily. You can resist all attacks for 5 seconds with the minimum amount of health.] I had one health point remaining. I had temporarily forgotten about it, but the attribute of my title was activated and I temporarily had an immortal body. Yura's face was perplexed as she saw that I survived, despite being hit by her magic. "That was clearly a critical hit... Based on the equipment, you are only around level 80. So how are you fine after being hit by that attack?" Yura asked while hiding herself behind the black magicians in preparation for Doran's counterattack. She always had a calm smile on TV, so I was probably the only one who had seen Yura's flustered expression. I ran forward and shouted to Doran, "Quickly! Let's finish it in five seconds! I'll use my body to block their attacks, so Doran must kill them! I believe in you, Doran! My god!" The spells of all the black magicians, including Yura, were concentrated on me. This meant that Doran could strike freely. The best development.  'Yes, hit me! No matter how you hit, I won't die!' Today would be the day where an ordinary user would stand up to a ranker.  I narrowed the gap towards Yura as all types of curses and attack spells hit me, while Doran followed the path I made and dealt devastation to all the black magicians. Then Doran stepped on my back and jumped towards Yura. Yura blocked his attack despite being in a state of confusion. On the other hand, Doran's momentum rose. 'We can win!' But was it because Doran stepped on my back? [You have died.] "......?" Eh? Eeeeh? I wanted to reject this situation, but reality was cruel. A new notification window popped up as my vision turned grey. [Quest failed!] [Your level has dropped by 2.] [You are now level -3.] [As you have died two times within 24 hours, you won't be able to connect to the game for 12 hours.] Hah, it somehow turned out like this. I gazed towards Doran fighting... No, my last sight as I closed my eyes was that damned Blood Witch. The average level of black magician users was level 53. Out of the 120,000 classes in Satisfy, the black magicians had the lowest average level. The Black Magician class was a combat profession, but users of this class had very weak defense and insufficient attack power.  However, Yura had been hunting alone without a party since she starting, demonstrating unmatched control skills that harmonized with her magic. Her ability to select hunting grounds was also excellent. There was a good reason why Yura surpassed two billion users to rise to fifth place in the rankings. Three hours ago, Yura had finally reached level 230, resulting in new wings being added to the list of her abilities. 'Now I can use defensive magic...' Yura confirmed the A-grade spell that she acquired after much difficulty.  'Diamond Barrier.'  It was a spell to create a shield by materializing mana with a hardness comparable to that of a diamond. It was a defense type magic that could be acquired with a black magician reached level 230. After completing all the conditions required to learn Diamond Barrier, Yura headed straight to the Yatan Temple. As always, she headed to a temple with fewer users. It was troublesome since it was a long distance, but it couldn't be helped. It would be annoying if she went to a place with a lot of users, due to her high popularity. It was amazing how many people recognized her, even when she concealed her face and ID. After running for two hours, Yura arrived at the Yatan Temple and placed the prepared spell book on the altar. The moment she was about to learn new magic after professing her deep faith in God Yatan. [A foolish group of enemies hostile to God Yatan has appeared inside the temple.] [Guardian of the Temple]  Difficulty: S There are foolish people who have entered in order to rescue the sacrifice to God Yatan. You must defend the dignity of God Yatan and punish the blasphemous intruders. Quest Clear Conditions: Repel attackers or defend the sacrifice for one hour. Clear Reward: The title 'Guardian of Yatan's Temple.' * Guardian of Yatan's Temple: Faith +300, Health +1,000, Intelligence +60 You are an example to other believers after defending the dignity of God Yatan. God Yatan will bless you more, and the faithful will worship you. Quest Failure: Level -2, Faith -250. Yura was surprised since she had only experienced an S-grade quest three times, despite being level 230. Then, a lot of noise was heard in the distance. 'Is this an auto-generated quest due to the advent of an intruder? I'm lucky I came to the temple at this time.' Yura was very motivated. She greatly desired the 'Guardian of the Yatan's Temple' title because it elevated all the important stats. First of all, Yura grasped the location of the sacrifice and then went to the place where the disturbance was happening. She witnessed an NPC in leather armor ruthlessly slaughtering the followers of Yatan. 'An NPC who has finished the third class advancement.' Indeed, an S-grade quest had a much higher level of difficulty. The NPC called Doran was a great threat to Yura. 'Even if I borrow the power of the believers, it will be a difficult quest to succeed.'  She received an S-grade quest after a long time, but unfortunately, the chances of success seemed low.  'No, there is no point in guessing.' Yura calmly dispersed her mana throughout the entire temple. This wasn't a normal use of mana for black magicians. In other words, it was to detect the enemy. While the detection skill was only available to those with a fine mana manipulation ability, it was but a simple matter for Yura.  'Including Doran, there are two people.' Yura grasped the number of enemies and looked at the user following Doran. ID: Grid. Looking at his equipment, he seemed to be a level 80 user. It was surprisingly low for the person who must've triggered the S-grade quest. The only one to be careful of was Doran. If so, this quest could be cleared. Yura meticulously observed the terrain of the temple while her enemies focused on fighting the believers. She made a judgment and went down to the basement where the sacrifice was located. The temple was too spacious and there was a lot of cover, so it was advantageous for Doran. She planned to use the hostage in the relatively small basement to limit Doran's movement and increase the hit rate of her magic. After a while, Doran and Grid finally entered the basement. Doran was already quite exhausted from dealing with all of the believers.  "These ridiculous bastards! They need more people than that to be our opponents! Now, Doran! Get rid of them!" The user Grid, shouted and Doran nodded as he fired his hidden weapons in front of him. "3,600,000 won and the earl's daughter, here I come!" Grid was confident about the quest succeeding. Yura felt sorry for him, but she also needed to clear her quest so she acted without any hesitation. Tatatang! Yura defeated Doran's hidden weapons with the recently learned Diamond Barrier and turned her gaze to the astounded Grid. "I'm sorry, but I can't allow you to take away the sacrifice." Doran was strong. In order to focus on him, it was wiser to deal with the relatively weak Grid first. Yura summoned fire and attacked without any delay. [Critical!] The greatsword was a weapon that warriors specialized in. It was clear that Grid's class was that of a warrior. If he was a warrior around level 80, then no matter how good the equipment, his maximum health would be around 4,000. But Grid wasn't wearing any special equipment. He should have approximately 3,000 health. Furthermore, warriors were very vulnerable to magic. Yura calculated that she could deal with Grid in one hit by consuming one-fifth of her mana. It was a critical hit, so it was normal to think that Grid died. But surprisingly, Grid survived. 'How?' Let's say that his luck was so high that he survived the critical hit. However, it was common sense for a character to become stunned after received 40% or more damage in a single attack. Grid was standing without being stunned as if 40% of his health hadn't been decreased. "That was clearly a critical hit... Based on the equipment, you are only around level 80. So how are you fine after being hit by that attack?" Yura was ranked fifth among the pool two billion users, and she was narrowing the gap between her and the fourth-ranked person. Her gaming skills were truly overwhelming. She knew that her magic damage calculations were never wrong. Her calculations had never been wrong while playing Satisfy so far. This was a new experience for her.  That confusion it caused greatly affected her. 'Why is this happening? Is his level actually far higher than the equipment he is wearing? No, that isn't likely. A person who dares to wear low-level equipment during an S-grade quest... Did I overlook something?' She tried to calmly analyze the situation, but Grid was approaching. Step. Step. He was a warrior walking a very slow pace, as if he wasn't in a hurry to narrow the gap towards the black magicians. It was an attitude that seemed to disregard Yura's fifth place ranking. Grid's behavior seemed to be saying to Yura, 'I am giving you enough time to chant a spell. Use your best magic.' An obvious provocation! Yura, who had a strong self-esteem, was furious. As Grid wished, she started to chant the top-level attack magic. She was determined to turn him into ashes, along with Doran. "Great god of the darkness, your humble servant calls you. Fill this place with darkness and plant fear in the enemies' hearts, show your power to those who worship you." As magic power started to rise, the torches lighting up the basement started to go out. The torches actually weren't turned off; the magic just turned the flames black. Soon, the darkness swallowed up this area. A normal enemy would lose their vision and stop due to the added 'fear' effect of this spell. In fact, Doran hesitated for a moment from where he was hunting the black magicians behind Grid. But Grid was approaching like it was nothing. He had a higher resistance than an NPC who had completed the third class advancement. 'What is his identity...' The ID was too strange. He wasn't a ranker, then how was he so strong? Her confusion grew and Yura couldn't easily recover. But the spell was fully completed. "Dark Storm!" Kwa kwa kwa kwang! A silent storm formed in the darkness and struck Grid. The effect of the storm caused the pillars supporting the basement to wobble, while cracks appeared on the ground and walls. A mighty power that could topple the whole temple! It was the moment when a high-ranking dark attack magic was revealed. Kwaang! Grid's body, that was already damaged from the black magicians' attacks, was overwhelmed by the storm. Yura believed that Grid would turn into a grey light. But Grid was still fine as he kept walking forward, penetrating through the storm without pause. On the other hand, Doran's body behind him was a rag, barely following Grid as a green light emerged from his ring. Even a third advancement NPC couldn't cope with the magic, so why was this user fine? "You... what are you?" Yura was a smart girl. She could see through anything with logic. In her 21 years of life, she had been praised by everyone she met for her beauty and intelligence. She used her innate insight on her work, earning her a reputation of a talented person who could be used everywhere.  Satisfy was the path that she finally chose.  Anyway, this brilliant Yura couldn't figure out the man called Grid.  'This is an impossibility in the current Satisfy. This overwhelming presence isn't an NPC but a human... Is he a bugged user? No, Satisfy is controlled by the world's leading supercomputer, Morpheus, so there are no bugs. There is clearly a rational way to get this strength. How did he gain such strength?' It was the first time she encountered something beyond her common sense. She was baffled and very curious. At this moment, the person called Grid was deeply imprinted onto Yura's mind. On the other hand, Grid was coming closer to her with imposing footsteps. Yura couldn't easily give up so she prepared to fight. Then Doran stepped on Grid's back, jumped up, and attacked her. Kaaang! Yura hurriedly blocked Doran's attack magic and turned her gaze towards Grid, expecting an attack, only for her eyes to widen. The body of Grid, that had been fine just a moment ago, was covered with a grey light and was disappearing. "......?" Afterwards, Yura received big injuries as she struggled with Doran and barely managed to subdue him. She stared at the place where Grid disappeared, ignoring the system window that informed her of the success of the quest. 'Even if he were hit by Dark Storm, he wouldn't have died so suddenly. He must've been penalized and forcibly logged out. Why?' Yura's expression gradually worsened as she thought about it. "Did he yield the quest to me...?" She felt helpless and received Grid's sympathy. That day became the worst day to Yura, of when her sturdy pride was thoroughly shattered. "Uwaaaack! Doran, that bastard! He forcibly gave me a quest I didn't want, only to kill his teammate? Fuck! Thieves, robbers, and thugs, now I know why there are all these names. Doran! In the future, this name itself will be a curse!" I left the capsule, opened the window and shouted outside. The rain was strong so my voice wasn't heard by the people in the neighborhood.Thanks to that, I was able to shout for a long time. It wasn't 4 o'clock in the morning yet. It was a day when my family could rest until late afternoon due to the heavy rain, but I couldn't access the game for 12 hours during such a golden holiday season! "Level -3...the more I think about it, the worse I feel. Doran, Doran, Doran!" I headed to the bathroom to cool off my head that was flush with anger. I soaked my face in cold water and listened to the gushing stream of water. I felt much better after washing my head for two days straight. "...Doran isn't to blame for the situation." Unlike my prediction, Doran was extremely strong and fought well. I was a bridesmaid and didn't have to do anything. Doran took care of all of the enemies by himself. I only had a chance to succeed in the quest due to Doran's power.  Yes, Doran did really well. However, an unexpected situation occurred. The appearance of a ranker. "Damn witch..." Why had Yura appeared there? She was a black magician. The Yatan Temple was an important base for black magicians, so it wasn't unusual for her to appear there at any time. Why did Yura interfere? I was an intruder in the temple and she was obliged to protect the temple. It was obvious that she would be hostile to me. That was understandable. 'The moment I accepted the quest, the black magicians in the temple had a separate quest to stop me. The real enemies are the users, not the NPCs. There is a reason why Doran was so strong. No wonder why the S-grade quest felt too easy.' I concluded. 'Witch... thanks to me invoking the quest, you were able to receive a lot of benefits. A girl who didn't shed blood or tears. She tried to kill me instead of thanking me...' After I died, Yura would've succeeded in the quest. Yura was strong and Doran was quite exhausted. It was really detestable. It was because of me that Yura received the quest in the first place, and the reason Doran was so tired was because I was weak. Yura just sat back and ate bread. The bread that I had put in her mouth. "Bad person..." A ranker over level 200 had snatched the quest of a minus level! I entered the capsule, connected to the Internet, and then searched for Yura. Yura, I just typed it in and hundreds, no, thousands of related links filled the screen. I only checked the postings of highly popular blogs and large-scale communities and managed to get information about Yura. Contrary to her creepy nickname of the 'Blood Witch', she was well loved and respected, as well as a target of envy. Thanks to her superb beauty, perfect gaming skills and ideal image in the media, she was praised by both men and women. It also transcended race. There were thousands of fan clubs created on overseas servers. At first glance, she was even more popular than Hollywood's top actors. 'That is the modern world now.'  Satisfy was more colorful, thrilling and dramatic than any movie, so the main characters of Satisfy enjoyed more popularity than movie stars. If someone watched TV these days, hundreds of channels were filled with Satisfy related programs. They also achieved high ratings, so Satisfy profession news channels were created.  Of course, it wasn't just limited to South Korea. Satisfy had more than two billion users. The broadcasting market wasn't just South Korea, but the world. As a result, the movie actors received less exposure than Satisfy's protagonists, the rankers. In particular, Yura was much more recognizable than other rankers due to her beauty. Thanks to that, she had both money and fame. It was a perfect contrast to me, who was in debt due to Satisfy.  'I am suffering because of the game, while she is living a fantastic life because of it.' Enjoying her favorite game while being recognized by the world? I was incredibly envious. If I was Yura, I would have no disappointments in my life. "...A person like you had to take  away a poor person's quest." She wasn't a witch. She was just a really wicked girl. Kwaduduk! I opened up the hologram keyboard and started to comment on Yura related posts one by one. 'Yura is garbage. She interfered in the quest of a low-level user. She is completely different from her appearance on TV. Her personality is rotten.' 'Yura isn't very pretty when you see her in real life. She got plastic surgery a facelift. There is dirt on her nose and she always looks like she is chewing shit. Her smile is just for the TV.' 'Why is Yura good??? She is a bad person. How many people has she ruined? She also ruined my brother-in-law.' 'A ranker interfered in a quest!! Don't be fooled by the image created on TV.'  "Huhuhu...! Kukukuk!" I informed people about what I actually experienced with Yura. I felt great because I became a great journalist who spread the truth to the people deceived by false information. The terrible reality that I experienced a while ago was gradually fading from my mind! Tadak. Tadadak. I continued posting comments. My ten fingers tapped against the hologram keyboard that glowed in the darkness. A person tapping on the keyboard in the darkened room, someone who saw it might think it was beautiful and mysterious. "Oppa... have you finally gone crazy?" Writing malicious comments... no, it was a movement to reveal the truth.  I jumped in surprise at the voice that was suddenly heard. I turned my gaze towards the source and saw Sehee staring at me from the door. "You surprised me." I placed my hand on my chest, while Sehee entered my room with folded arms. "I was going to the toilet when I heard Oppa giggling in your room. You were crazy about the game, so I thought you went crazy in reality. I was worried about Oppa and decided to check on you. Are you crazy? Please say that you're not." "...Why are you speaking like that to your Oppa? I'm not crazy." "I'm glad you're not crazy yet. Urgh, something smells. Take a look at your head, you should wash more. And get rid of that bowl of rice that you ate! No, why are you eating rice in your room in the first place? You should eat together with us... bah, no." Sehee looked at the empty rice bowls and side dishes that I stacked up and started cleaning up.  'This girl, she is nice and pretty. It is good that she doesn't resemble me.' I watched her approvingly. Sehee felt my gaze and turned around. "Don't just sit there and watch. If you're not busy, shouldn't you help? No. Go and wash up. I don't like that appearance." "Leave it and I'll take care of it. Why are you getting up when it isn't even morning yet? Go back to sleep." "I saw Oppa laughing in a creepy manner, so my sleepiness has fled. Please go wash up. I want to see your face properly after a long time... ah, no! Wash off that dirty and unpleasant scent!" When Sehee was one year old, I was nine years old. Was it right for my younger sister to act like this? 'If I knew this would happen, I would've washed up when I washed my head.' I headed to the bathroom in an annoyed mood. I washed my head with soap and dried it with a towel. But why was my hair so stiff? "...It was laundry soap." I returned to my room with my stiff hair and smelled something different in my room. It was a rather refreshing scent. Did she spray perfume? Sehee was truly meticulous. The room had been cleaned and tidied up during the time I used to wash up. She was a very diligent girl, unlike me. She would be a nice bride. I saw Sehee sitting in the capsule and laying down on my bed. "Connect to the Internet if you want~" Anyway, it wasn't like I could access the game. I easily yielded the capsule to my little sister. Sehee shrugged and unexpectedly sent me a look of disdain. "Oppa... are you a keyboard warrior?" "Keyboard warrior?" What did that mean? When I looked up, Sehee got up and pointed her finger to the monitor floating in front of the capsule. "Why are you spreading false rumors about a woman younger than you? Even if there is a reason, this behavior is too naughty. I'm really disappointed in Oppa." Her voice sank. Sehee was sincerely angry. I belatedly realized my mistake and hurriedly checked the monitor. The damning list of comments that I made about Yura was still showing. Dammit! I should've turned off my Internet window! "S-Sehee, this..." "How low." I tried to explain to Sehee, but she returned to her room and locked the door without giving me a chance to talk. The door wouldn't open, no matter how pathetically I acted. I realized that the last bit of good opinion my sister had towards me was completely lost. This...what is this! "This is all due to that witch!" I appealed to Sehee in front of her room. I didn't realize that I fell asleep there until I was woken up by my mother. My body wasn't trained at all! It hurts... I placed a cold patch on my body and fell asleep again. Then the next day. "Huaaah~~" I opened my eyes and saw that it was 11 a.m. My parents went to work at dawn and Sehee would be in school for three hours already. "I slept only six hours. I can't oversleep because of my diligence... Why did God make me so diligent?" I scratched my hips above my underwear while heading to the kitchen. I was hungry but it was too annoying to cook.  "Forget it." I ignored the protesting cries of my stomach and headed to the living room. Then I lay on the sofa and turned on the TV. It was a Satisfy related channel  Satisfy was even covered on the housewives channel. The title of the program was 'How to meet a young man through Satisfy!' It was a program that dealt with the process of making a character in Satisfy look as young and pretty as possible. '...PD Cheon Jaende?' It seemed to have pretty high viewership. I skipped past a man who didn't think he would live long after a phone call from his wife. I stopped at a program called 'Satisfy's Hot Issues.' A cute female reporter was greeting an Asian youth around my age. There was a close up of the young man's face. At the bottom of the screen, the ID 'Katz' and level '203' appeared as subtitles. "Katz is already level 200?' Katz was a celebrity. He was notorious due to his arrogance, but he was always one of the top ranks in the warrior class. Three months ago, he was level 170 but now he was already level 203? At that level, he would be at the top of the unified rankings. 'How did he get over 30 levels in three months?' The reporter on screen was asking the same question as me. -Katz, did you know that you are one of the biggest issues in Satisfy these days? Our producers were very surprised. In just three months, Katz has climbed up to the 53rd ranking. What is the secret to your rapid growth over such a short period of time? Katz swept a hand over his well-trimmed hair and smiled smugly. -Three months ago, I obtained an epic class. I accepted this interview today to reveal my epic class. -Yes?! The reporter was shocked and I also stopped scratching at my groin. The news of an epic class was so shocking that the reporter couldn't respond to Katz. In the past year, only two epic class changes had appeared in Satisfy.  Its value transcended the imagination. But Katz got his hands on a new epic class. 'The third epic class...' There was no information about the previous epic classes that appeared. The contents of the first class change book were confidential when circulated around the item trading sites, and no one knew who the owner was.  The second epic class belonged to Agnus, who was ranked 7th on the unified rankings, but nobody knew what class he had. It was because most users, especially top rankers, were extremely reluctant to disclose their information. Information was power!  There was a fierce competition to survive in Satisfy. The information shared among large sites was actually quite limited. Most users kept their information to themselves. I would do the same. However, Katz was revealing his class himself. He was famous for liking colorful and prominent things. Anyway, this was a huge scoop. It was possible that the ratings record might be broken.  I remained fixed on this channel. I focused on the screen, while the reporter's eyes were shining with excitement. -What class are you? -The name of my epic class is 'Blood Warrior'. -Is it as special and terrible as the name implies? It wasn't special or terrifying. It was a very common and mundane name. A sloppy name for an epic class. But Katz seemed to like the childish name. -The name isn't that great, but it is a very fantastic class. Let me tell you one important feature... Katz pulled out the sword hanging from his waist, emitting a tremendous aura. I would be able to pay off all of my debt if I just sold that sword. -Look. Katz's eyes were tinged with red. At the same time, his sword started to wriggle.  The camera zoomed in on Katz' sword.  Hundreds, no thousands of blood vessels appeared on the blade and grew at a fast pace, completely covering the sword. Within a short time, Katz's sword was covered with red blood vessels and pulsated like a living heart. However, the sword's edge actually became sharper instead of disappearing. It was a very menacing appearance. On the other hand, it was also a bizarre and disgusting appearance. But Katz patted the wriggling red sword as if it were adorable. -This is my passive skill. Any weapon held in my hand would be transformed into this shape. When I attack an enemy with this modified weapon, I can absorb a certain amount of health in proportion to my attack power. Thanks to this, my reliance on potions has greatly reduced and hunting alone has become easier. The more I attack, the more I can take advantage of this tremendous hunting speed. In addition to this, powerful combat skills were created, so I am able to raise my level quickly. The reporter, whose face was pallid, continued the interview while ignoring the hideous sword. -Is an epic class that much stronger than regular classes? -That is a stupid question. Isn't this natural? Even if it was only a rare class, it exerts a special power over general classes. I can assure you of this: I will rise to the number one ranking sooner or later. I have that type of ability. -Number one in the top 10 rankings that haven't changed in the past year? All 10 users protect their position and won't give it to anyone. This means that the top 10 rankers are extraordinary. Isn't it too much to declare that you can catch up to them just because of one class? Was the reporter stupid? The arrogant Katz was going to become upset again. As I expected, Katz started frowning. He looked at the reporter and declared. -You say that it is just because of one class? How funny! I have a natural talent! The class of Blood Warrior is just a means to effectively show my talent! Agnus got an epic class much sooner and could only reach 7th place in the rankings. I'll let everyone know that I am fundamentally different from Agnus! According to the rumors, Katz was the son of a leading Japanese conglomerate. This was why he was famous for his high pride. After scaring the reporter who spat the mocking remark, Katz took the microphone from her and declared, -Everybody listen up! This Katz will soon be first place in the unified rankings! The reason I announced my class today is to make the existing rankers aware of my strength and to make them tremble in fear. Kukuk, just wait! Sooner or later, I will cast you all aside! Katz was about to return the microphone to the reporter when he suddenly stopped. Then he asked the reporter. -Did you say that this is a Korean broadcasting station? The reported nodded at the words. Katz smiled at her. -This worked out well. Tell this to Yura: don't be so proud of being part of a country that has nothing except for S.A Group. The era of Korean gaming experts is over. I will trample on her, the last pride of the Korean gamers, sooner or later. Hahahat! The reporter's eyes were tearful while her face distorted like she was smelling chicken poo. I clicked my tongue while watching Katz. "The microphones for broadcasting stations in the game are limited and expensive items. Is he proud because of all his money? Mister natural wealth. But Blood Warrior..." I was envious. Drain health skills always showed great efficiency in past games. Furthermore, the combat skills that Katz boasted were powerful skills of an epic class. At first glance, Blood Warrior was a powerful class. "It isn't more than me." Pagma's Descendant was a production class. Production classes usually didn't have any attack skills, so it was likely that Pagma's Descendant was the same. But that didn't mean I was weak in battle. Pagma's Descendant was a legendary class that allowed me to go against Yura. My status resistance was extremely high, and the immortal mode that lasted five seconds was a scam. It was possible to grow as a huge tanker. But was that all? All equipment could be worn without restrictions. It might be possible to cover the insufficient combat strength with the power of items. "In addition, production classes are money factories." Why were there so many users who chose production classes over hunting? The reason was money. Pagma's Descendant was a legendary blacksmith class! It was a goose that laid golden eggs. 'If I make a good item and sell it, I might be able to escape from my debt.' I believed it was a class that could make me hundreds of millions of won. I returned to my room and turned on the capsule. Then I went on the Internet to find information about blacksmiths. There was a lot of unfamiliar jargon and knowledge to memorize, but I concentrated on studying as much as possible. How much time passed?  While having another attack of hunger, I entered the living room when I heard a big fuss from the TV.  The 'Breaking News' subtitle appeared on the TV screen. -I just received breaking news. It is said that the Yatan Temple, located in the northern part of the Eternal Kingdom, has collapsed. It is surprising and unusual for a well-preserved temple to collapse overnight. What is the story behind it? Let's go to the scene. I am Reporter Lee Kyungmin. The screen shifted from the studio to a familiar place. "This place..." A location was illuminated on the TV. It was the Yatan Temple where he resurrected yesterday and met Doran. The huge temple, larger than the Capitol Building, was surprisingly half collapsed. When I saw the scene, I recalled the dark storm caused by Yura. 'That magic... was it huge enough to destroy the temple? She is a really horrible girl to use such a fearsome spell on people.' My fear of the witch I faced yesterday slowly amplified over time. If we accidentally met on the street by chance, I was afraid that I would pee my pants. Katz said he could beat her?  "Bastard. You really don't know who you are talking about. She is already in a different dimension. A monster." The male reported conveyed the news. -At around 3:40 a.m. today, a user visited this place and witnessed an amazing sight. Korea's number one ranker, who is fifth in the unified rankings, Yura was fighting someone. Who did she fight that she had to use enough strength to destroy the temple? Was it a struggle with a top ranker? If so, why were they fighting in this place? Was there perhaps a hidden quest? There are many questions. Then let's listen to the testimony of an eyewitness. A boy, who seemed to be a middle school student, was caught on camera. The boy's ID and level were subtitled at the bottom. The boy spoke, -Yesterday, I was here because of a quest. I was forced to flee to the temple while being chased by a monster. The believers who should've been present weren't there. However, a large commotion was coming from underground, so I went down to the basement... The boy stopped talking and asked the reporter. -Is there a mosaic over my face right now? It is time for me to go to school. If my mother catches me in the capsule, I'm dead. At almost the same time, the boy's face and ID were completely covered with a mosaic. The reporter nodded. -Of course there is a mosaic. There is voice modulation as well. Please tell me with confidence. The stupid boy sighed with relief. Poor guy... his mum would kill him. His unhappiness would be my happiness! I felt better.  The boy continued, -I went down to the basement and saw Yura. I was captivated by her beauty. Mister, have you seen Yura? Really! She is even prettier than Kim Taehee! A complete goddess! -People around the world are already aware of her beauty. We will put aside that story. What was happening in the basement? -It was amazing. -What specifically was so amazing? -There were almost 20 black magicians constantly casting magic at a single person, but he didn't receive a single point of damage. Even the curses had no effect. He laughed like he didn't feel anything and moved towards Yura. Yura was nervous. The reporter was confused. -The basic level of the Yatan Temple's NPCs is known to be 160. He was attacked by level 160 NPCs and received no damage? -It was like he resisted all of it. Really. -Resisted dozens of spells? That is impossible, even for a top ranker... Is he ranked higher than Yura? The reporter's expression wasn't happy, but the boy didn't care and continued speaking. -He isn't a top ranker. I have never seen the face before. Nevertheless, he defeated all of the black magicians and threatened Yura. Yura used Dark Storm...no, it seemed like she used every bit of magic she had. It was too strong that it even broke the temple, but that user was fine. Yura's expression was disturbed as she stared at him with an expression similar to fear... I am a member of Yura's fan club, so I know that Yura isn't the type of person to look like that. I never imagined that Yura could make such an expression. The reported looked dubious but still showed great interest. -So what happened in the end? And what was the man's ID? The boy shook his head. -ID... Well, that... what was it? I can't remember. I was so entranced by Yura's beauty that I didn't observe him properly. Then I was killed by a falling pillar, so I don't know the result. -I see... Who is the man who dealt with 20 black magicians and Yura, despite not being a top ranker? I would like to know. This is Reporter Lee Kyungmin. Unbelievable! The hand holding the remote control shook. My heart started thumping. The man in question on the news, it was me. This was an opportunity. Since this incident happened on TV, I would receive lots of requests for interviews and would be able to make a profit from shooting commercials. The screen switched back to the studio, with a panel filled with experts discussed the man in question, me. I called the broadcasting station right away. (Hello, this is BCC's viewers consultation center. How can I help you?) "The man from the breaking news. Aren't you looking for him right now? The person who fought Yura. (Yes. Do you have a tip?) "The person is me." (...Ah, yes. As part of the confirmation process, can you give me your Satisfy ID and some brief information?) "My ID is Grid. My class is Pagma's Descendant and my level is -3. Oh, Pagma's Descendant is a class obtained from a legendary class change book..." Tutu- "......" The station one-sidedly hung up and didn't pick up my call again. It seemed that my number had been registered as spam. "Stupid person! You will regret missing out on the scoop of a lifetime!" I wanted to try other stations, but decided to let it go. As I thought about it calmly, I was reluctant to leak information about the minus level and legendary class. "It isn't the time yet, right?" I focused on the TV screen. Then I saw a familiar figure on TV. "Doran...?" It was really Doran. The present TV screen showed a large image of the ruins of the Yatan Temple, with a small box at the top where the experts were discussing. Doran was in the center of the big screen. He was too small so the cameraman didn't seem to see him, but I was able to recognize Doran. I pushed my face right in front of the TV and watched Doran quietly. He was barely crawling from the ruined temple, a woman held in his arms.  The identity of the woman was the earl's esteemed daughter that Doran had been looking for.  The destruction of the temple caused great confusion among the believers, allowing Doran to somehow rescue her. The woman stood up and screamed something at Doran. She seemed to be crying. Then Doran handed something small to the woman. After a short time, he died and turned into a grey light. The woman shed tears and headed elsewhere while cherishing the item she received from Doran. "Doran...died..." He wasn't a human but an NPC. A false life made by the system. However, it wasn't comfortable watching the death of an NPC I built a bond with. They had minds and a clear body temperature. "Also, the ring..." I trembled as I recalled the effects of the ring that Doran had worn. "When an NPC dies, all their equipment will disappear as well... That ring, if you were going to die anyway, you should've given it to me." I looked out the window where rain was still pouring down. I didn't feel well. In addition, I was hungry. After satisfying my hunger, I connected to the Internet again to gather as much information about blacksmiths as possible. The time was 3:55 p.m. The 12-hour penalty was over. I had to log on to Satisfy. "Login." "Going to the Mubaid Ruins, one must be level 130 or higher!" "Looking for those who want to hunt in the Grey Forest ~ A level 130 warrior is waiting for people higher than level 96~" "Recruiting people for the Guardian of the Forest raid! A level 190 archer, level 181 martial artist, and other top rankers will join! Your class and level don't matter! Anyone will do!" When I accessed the game, I stood in a town square. I couldn't resurrect at the Yatan Temple due to being in a hostile relationship with the Yatan Church. 'Bairan Village?' It was the place I visited before proceeding with Ashur's quest. I frowned as I recalled the past memories. "I got turned around." The monsters near Bairan Village were at least level 100. In addition, they were all ferocious monsters. The level of users here was at least the mid-80s, and they always needed a party when hunting. It was a dangerous place where users below level 120 couldn't leave the village alone.  In the past, I wandered around here alone while searching for the Northern End Cave and died. At that time, the durability of some of my equipment was reduced to zero and my boots and gauntlets shattered. "I ended up resurrecting at this place." Maybe I was some stupid god in my past life. I probably dishonoured Lady Luck in my past life, then my memories were erased and I was banished to the human world. Since then, I lived an unlucky life. 'This is true. I can't be so unlucky unless I sinned directly against the goddess of luck.' I placed my forehead on a wall and blamed my past life. I couldn't be here forever, so I recovered my spirit. "I should go to another village." Right now, the urgent thing was to raise my level. I wanted to escape from the minus level as soon as possible. There was no reason to stay in a village where hunting was impossible. I found a horse-drawn carriage waiting for customers in a corner of the square and asked the coachman.  "What is the safest village near here?" "Winston Village. Many novice travelers visit that place. Do you need a driver to take you there?" "How much?" The coachman raised one finger. He was a crook. Carriages were means of transportation for the rich: they were tremendous luxuries for debt-ridden people like me. It was a luxury comparable to eating a whole marinated chicken for one meal! But there was nothing I could do. Right now, it was impossible for me to move to another village with my own power. If I left the village, I would only walk a little bit before dying.  I handed over one silver while shedding tears. The coachman looked at me. "What are you doing? It is 10 gold." I made a surprised expression, as if I really didn't know. "Heok! 10 gold? It is 10 gold, not 10 silver?" "This must be the first time you are taking a carriage. In the safe zone, the base fare for a carriage is set at five gold. In a monster-infested area such as this, there should be some profit for the high risk. This price is actually cheap. Winston is close to here, so it is only the basic fare." "You are charging so much just for driving a carriage!" "Tsk tsk, this is why I don't like novice travelers. Don't you know that all the monsters in the vicinity will attack as soon as they find humans?" "No! I know that there aren't any monsters fast enough to catch up to the speed of a carriage!" The coachman flinched. My point had struck him. The coachman coughed and explained, "Obviously, the monsters have slow feet. But they know the terrain and have the instincts of natural hunters. They use these advantages to catch up." It was like selling drugs. "Then you should be vigilant." "Cough... then I will accept nine gold." Okay. The price bargaining had begun. The basic rule of bargaining was to cut it as much as possible! "10 silver." "......" "Excuse me?" "......" What? Why wasn't he saying anything? The response was different than expected. Wasn't it normal to say, '10 gold is too cheap. I will accept eight gold?' Then I would return with 20 silver, the coachman would offer seven gold. Then 30 silver, six gold...  This was my grand plan to complete the bargaining at around two gold. But the coachman just ignored me, making the plan become distorted. "Aren't you going to bargain?" "Who in the world would bargain with a crook like you? This useless bastard! I was kind enough to cut it to nine gold, yet you offered 10 silver? You want me to bargain? Who is going to make a deal with a bastard like you?" "Isn't there the saying, ' the customers is king?!' I will sue you and make you unemployed!" "If you want to sue me, do it! Do you think the union will take your side? Get lost, you insane bastard!" In Patrian, my bargaining was always successful because my reputation and affinity with the residents were at the maximum. Even if it didn't work, I just laughed it off. However, this response was entirely new to me. It was serious. At this rate, I wouldn't be able to ride the carriage. Currently, I only had 3 gold and 11 silver. The difficulty of the Ashur quest was so terrible that I spent a lot of my money on potions. "Please... My sick mother is in Winston Village all alone... She will die soon. What a sad son I will be if I can't watch my mother's last moments... Please take pity on me and consider the bargain." I looked as miserable as possible and told a heartbreaking story.  But the cold-hearted coachman just snorted. "You are obviously telling a lie. You didn't even plan to go to Winston Village in the beginning, so who would believe you now?" "...Sheesh, you're smarter than you look." "W-What! You cheap bastard!" There was no chance of this succeeding. I ran away from the coachman who chased me with a red face and visited other carriages. But despite being as careful as possible, it was impossible to bargain it down to three gold. No matter what heartbreaking stories I used, the limit was 8 gold and 90 silver. I was frustrated by Satisfy's modern society. "Why?" Was it necessary to be stuck at level -3 while being isolated in the remote Bairan Village? "I can't do that." I had a means to obtain the money for the carriage. Just make items! If I made an item, I could gain some experience. If it had a normal rating, I could sell it to a store. I opened the skills window and confirmed the 'Blacksmith Craftsmanship Skill.' [Blacksmith Craftsmanship Skill]  Lv: Master Produce equipment items that you know how to make. There is a certain probability of creating rare rated items. There is a low probability of creating epic rated items. There is a rare probability of creating unique rated items. * Due to the effect of mastering the skill, the attributes of all items are increased by 10%. * When rare rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +2.  Reputation throughout the continent will rise by +30. * When epic rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +4.  Reputation throughout the continent will rise by +80. * When unique rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +12.  Reputation throughout the continent will rise by +300.  "This is absurd..." According to the rankings, the first place blacksmith only had intermediate level blacksmith skills. Despite producing tens of thousands of items by the time he reached level 110, he barely reached the intermediate level. Thus, he said that production skill levels are hard to raise. However, I basically mastered the 'Blacksmith Craftsmanship Skill', which was beyond the 'Advanced Blacksmith Technique' and 'Intermediate Blacksmith Technique'. If the person ranked number one in the blacksmith rankings were aware of my presence, he would probably quit the game. 'When compared to him, I finally realize the greatness of a legendary class.' I then confirmed the other 'Legendary Blacksmith's Craftsmanship Skill.' [Legendary Blacksmith's Craftsmanship Skill]  Lv. 1 Produce equipment items that you know how to make. You can create the production methods for a new item with the 'Legendary Blacksmith's Creation' skill. There is a certain probability of producing rare~ epic rated items. There is a rare probability of creating unique rated items. There is a very rare probability of creating legendary rated items. *All stats of a production item will increase by 10%. * When rare rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +2 and reputation throughout the continent will rise by +30. * When epic rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +4 and reputation throughout the continent will rise by +80. * When unique rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +12 and reputation throughout the continent will rise by +300. * When legendary rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +25 and reputation throughout the continent will rise by +1,000. * Something special will occur with every five legendary items created.  "Wow..." The 'Legendary Blacksmith's Craftsmanship Skill' was only level one. Nevertheless, it was far superior to the mastered 'Blacksmith Craftsmanship Skill'. I couldn't help admiring it. I was excited and immediately confirmed the 'Legendary Blacksmith's Creation' skill. [Legendary Blacksmith's Creation Skill] You can create three equipment item production methods every time the skill level of the 'Legendary Blacksmith's Craftsmanship Skill' goes up.  Number of items that can be created at present: 3/3 * When items are produced using this skill, the name of the creator is automatically placed on the item.  "Create an item? What is the method?" The explanation wasn't easy to understand. Seeing was believing. I decided to try it out. I used the Legendary Blacksmith's Creation Skill without hesitation. [What item do you want to create?] The most important item was naturally a weapon. A weapon allowed quick hunting and was directly linked to high levels. Among the weapons, I thought the best one was a greatsword.  Thick, big, beautiful...  A big sword that could smash the enemy's armor was a man's romance! Up to this point, I never selected a weapon other than a greatsword in games. Then first, let's make a greatsword. "Greatsword." [Have you decided?] "Yes." [What materials would you like to use?] Ohu~ that's right. I was creating a production method, so I needed to use the materials. Wasn't it natural to use special materials? I thought of the person asking for party members to go on the 'Guardian of the Forest' boss raid. 'I heard that the guardian of the forest drops the best mineral so far... the name is...' I recalled it and replied, "Blue Orichalcum." [Have you decided?] "Yes."
[Please design the item.]
A blank blueprint appeared in front of me. I was baffled.
'Design? How do I do that?'
I then knew what I should have done. Rather than visualize modern weapons such tanks and jet fighters, I needed to design a sword. Wasn't it just a matter of the shape? I thought hard and started drawing on the blueprint with my finger. A correction effect seemed to be applied, as the picture perfectly displayed my thoughts.
'I have to make it cool.'
First, the length of the blade was 2m and the width was 80cm. The thickness was 8cm. The length of the handle was set at 40cm. 
"...This is the appearance of a greatsword that can be seen anywhere."
The finished picture showed the limits of my impoverished imagination. I pondered for a moment before thinking of a good idea. I changed the shape of the blade to something curved like a scimitar and then extended the length of the blade to 3m.
"Is this okay?"
I liked the finished picture. It was like I was looking at a large scimitar with a short handle. At the same time, it had the heavy weight of a greatsword. 
'It is reminiscent of a shark's profile. The part of the blade is like a shark fin, and the end of the handle is a shark tail.'
I admired the finished work for a while.
'I have made something sophisticated and cool!'
It gave the impression of a swimming shark. If I held it, some people might have the mistaken impression that I was carrying a shark and be shocked.
'I didn't know I would be so good at designing. Once I make money and pay back the debt, I should change my major to design.'
I felt great satisfaction as I clicked on the OK button at the bottom of the blueprint.
[Have you decided? When you complete the blueprint, the number of available creations from the creation skill will decrease by one.]
"Yes."
Once I replied, numbers and languages quickly covered the blueprint. Figures were being calculated. It seemed that the system was calculating the details that I lacked in my design. After a while, an improved and completed design appeared. A bunch of Jargon and complicated numbers covered the blueprint. 
"Eh?" 
I could fully understand the jargon and numbers on the blueprint. I looked at the design contents and checked if there were any faults. It was amazing. I understood that contents of an item design that I had never even seen or studied.
'The class compensation effect!'
It was really great; I felt like an actual great blacksmith. As I was admiring it, a notification window popped up.  
[Please describe the characteristics of the item.]
"That's right! Finally, the most important part is left!"
I was excited.
"This is an outstanding weapon. The attack power is one million... no, it is more than 10 million and the weight is only one. There is no level requirement. There is an option to absorb health with every attack. Can cause meteors to fall. The enemy will unconditionally die from one hit. Of course, defense is ignored. Anyway, this weapon is enough to hunt a dragon alone."
[That isn't possible. The performance and options of an item can't be arbitrarily set. The performance and options are determined by taking into account the materials used, the design, and the description of the features.]
...Too bad.
I tried to make the explanation as good as possible.
"It is a greatsword, but thanks to its unusual shape, its cutting power is tremendous. The protruding part that resembles a shark's fin will allow for unexpected attacks, and can even go through armor. Blue orichalcum is used as the material, so it is light and durable. And... and... um... well, that will be enough."
Was my vocabulary so lacking? I was horribly ashamed. In the first place, I only knew that blue orichalcum was light and durable. I didn't know the exact information, so I can't explain the merits.
"Then... just..."
Suddenly, I felt like the back of my head was hit with a hammer. It was a belated epiphany but if I was designing this with blue orichalcum as the material, wouldn't I need blue orichalcum to make the item?
'I'm screwed.'
A level 200 boss monster dropped the material, while I was only level -3.  I could buy it from other people, but that wasn't easy because the supply was small and the price was huge. It meant the design I made could become obsolete!
"Cancel! Skill cancel! Clear everything!!"
[The completion of the blueprint has already destroyed one of the available creation skill users. Even if you cancel the skill now, the number of times it can be used won't be restored. Do you still want to cancel it?]
"...No."
This was bad. It was a mistake in my thinking. It was a skill that should be used carefully after thorough investigation and thinking. 
[Please name the item.]
"Uhh... shit..."
[Have you decided on 'Uhhshit?']
"What nonsense are you saying? Please wait! Geez, what is this?" 
I didn't worry about it for too long.
"Failure."
[Have you decided on 'Failure?']
"Yes."
Yes, it was a failure that shouldn't have been created in the first place. I was saddened at the number of times I could use the skill decreasing, but a hologram of the items was listed in the drafts.
[Failure] 
Rating: Unique ~ Legendary
Unique Rating Information:
Durability: 699/699   
Attack Power: 733~1,621    Defense: 50
* Agility +30
* There is a low probability of blocking the enemy's attacks.
* There is a certain probability of activating the '5 Joint Attacks' skill.
* There is a high probability of activating the 'Cutting' skill.
* There will be a fear effect if the enemy is more than 20 levels lower than the user. 
* Attack power +20% in dark places.  
Legendary Rating Information:
Durability: 1,090/1,090   
Attack Power: 874~1,820    Defense: 80
* Agility +50
* There is a low probability of blocking the enemy's attacks.
* There is a certain probability of activating the '5 Joint Attack' skill.
* There is a high probability of activating the 'Cutting' skill.
* The skill 'Bisect' will be created.
* There will be a fear effect if the enemy is more than 20 levels lower than the user.
* Attack power +20% in dark places.
It is designed by a legendary blacksmith. It is a greatsword, but its cutting ability is excellent because of its unique shape. It resembles the predator of the sea, a shark, and gives fear to the enemies. The small blades spiking from the sword will increase the defense. 
Blue orichalcum is used as a material. Its lightness means the attack speed doesn't fall. Due to the nature of the blue orichalcum, it becomes stronger in the dark.
User Restriction: Level 300 or higher. More than 5,000 strength. 
Advanced Sword Mastery level 8 or higher.
Weight: 550 
"...Hiccup!"
Amazing. It was a master weapon, not a failure. A one of a kind item in this world. And I was the one who created this item. I couldn't believe it.
"Isn't this huge?"
The words automatically emerged from my stunned mouth. Yes, I could be rich. If I went into more debt and bought blue orichalcum, I could make 'Failure' and put it on the trading site. Then the price of the item would skyrocket. Then I could pay all my debts and still have a lot of money left! 
Truly a legendary blacksmith!  It was literally the goose that laid the golden egg.
"...Uh?"
Then that feeling sank as I read the stats and options of the completed 'Failure'. I checked the usage conditions attached at the end.
"It needs level 300?"
Two days ago, I heard that the level of the first ranked person on the unified rankings was estimated to be around 250. 
'Then 300?'
That wasn't the only problem.
"5,000 strength?!"
10 stat points were gained with every level. Even if a person invested all of their points into strength for every level up, it would be almost impossible to have 5,000 strength at level 300, even with titles and equipment that raised their stats.
'There are classes that receive extra strength, but it isn't common. In the first place, who would be idiotic enough to invest all of their points in strength?' 
Finally, there was the Advanced Sword Mastery level 8. Currently, the first ranked blacksmith had intermediate level skills. I couldn't predict how long it would take for people to get Advanced Sword Master level 8.
Even if I managed to make 'Failure', nobody would be able to use it in the near future. This meant that selling it was impossible. My dream of making a fortune was shattered in an instant. As the name suggested, 'Failure' was a failure.
"...Then that's it. There is no springtime in my life. Shit."
I was frustrated but quickly corrected my mindset. Then I tried to deduce why such exorbitant usage conditions were attached to the item I created. It wasn't difficult to come to a conclusion.
'It was a mistake to try and make it unconditionally good.'
The development team of Satisfy had caught the hearts of the world, so they wouldn't be that easy. 'Failure' wasn't an item that could be acquired randomly through hunting or a raid. It was a production item that could be produced indefinitely if there were enough materials. It was likely that the system placed restrictions on the game items in order to maintain the game balance. Those restrictions were in the usage conditions.
'An acceptable performance. Isn't this the most important thing about the creative skills?'
The creation skill had a limited number of uses. It had to be used with care. I decided to seal the creation skill. If I created and sold superior items that didn't destroy the balance, I would be able to earn a lot of money quickly and pay off my debt. However, I didn't want to rush it.
I wanted to see it as the ultimate weapon to use for myself before encountering a difficult quest or a strong enemy.
'The creation skill is for me. If I am in a crisis situation, I can create an item that can break through the situation.'
As a simple example, if I encountered a boss monster capable of causing tremendous fire damage, I could create and build an item that greatly increased my fire resistance properties before the raid.
If I didn't create items for sale, I didn't have to worry about the usage conditions. One of the biggest advantages of Pagma's Descendant was that there was no restriction on the items I could wear.  If I created items with a fraudulent power like 'Failure', I could show the highest power among existing items, even if the penalty was attached. 
After I cleared my mind, I checked how to make 'Failure.' The materials were also a problem. In order to produce 'Failure', I needed a huge supply 15 blue orichalcum ore.
'Even the handle is made with blue orichalcum... It was a mistake to choose only blue orichalcum as the material. If I used other materials as well, the number of blue orichalcum ore required would be reduced.'
I saw Failure's tremendous options, so I was filled with the desire to produce and use it right away. If I could get my hands on Failure, I would be able to demonstrate a fearful combat power. But it was impossible to obtain blue orichalcum.
'Let's get rid of this vain regret. No, wait. Can I participate in the Guardian of the Forest raid party? The person recruiting party members said that level was irrelevant.'
I remembered the Guardian of the Forest raid party and headed back to the center of the square. Then I walked up to the black man with the ID 'Toban'.
"I would like to participate in the raid."
If not now, I didn't know when I would be able to join a Guardian of the Forest raid party in the future.
"Please let me join the party."
I would join the party, survive until the Guardian of the Forest died and pick up all the blue orichalcum that dropped. It didn't matter if the other party members died. 
'Anyway, my experience can't drop if I die!' 
If I were really unlucky, then I might drop Mamon's Greatsword or Mengel's Plate Armor, which made up my entire fortune. But if I took the risk, I might be able to obtain blue orichalcum. I expressed my strong emotions when I gazed at Toban. 
Was I too brazen? Did I have any sense of shame? I looked up to see Toban looking at me with a perplexed expression.
"What is your level?"
"What? Didn't you say that level and class doesn't matter?"
"I did say that at first, but... unexpected party members arrived, so I am now looking for those who are over level 120, preferably those with divine magic or magician professions. As you may know, the Guardian of the Forest is a monster whose body is made of minerals, so physical attacks won't work on it."
Toban stared at my greatsword with an unconvinced look, a gaze that strongly conveyed that he didn't want to accept me into the party.
'Then this guy shouldn't have said that he would take any level or class.'
Should I give up? No, I couldn't give up when thinking about the blue orichalcum. I would join the party no matter what.
"Please accept me. I won't hold you back."
"What is your level?"
I was currently level -3, but due to Mamon's Greatsword and Mengel's Plate Armor, my actual combat ability was above level 30. If I confessed that I was level 30... I would be kicked out straight away.
"30... no, minus... no, plus 100."
"30 minus, plus 100?"
"No ~ no. Just 100."
I was currently level -3, but I would've been close to level 100 if it weren't for Ashur's quest. Let's try it once.  When I actually entered the party, I didn't intend to fight. Instead, I would follow like I was a dead mouse.
'If I'm careful, they won't notice that I deceived them about my level.'
Toban had a worried expression on his face.
"Your weapon is a greatsword? Isn't it around level 65? Even if your item has an epic rating, claiming to be level 100... Are you really level 100?"
"Of course I am. My Mamon's Greatsword has been strengthened to +5, so I can still use it."
My face was still. I was just bluffing. I exploited the fact that items enhanced below +5 wouldn't have a change in appearance, so I lied that the +0 Mamon's Greatsword was actually +5.
But Toban wasn't easy to pass.
"Even if Mamon's Greatsword is +5, to still use it at level 100 is... In addition, your armor isn't as good as the equipment that level 100 users can wear. Besides, where are your boots, gauntlets, and accessories?"
It was accurate. Mengel's Plate Armor, which I was currently wearing, was only level 60.  My helmet, boots, gauntlets, and accessories were all lost by the end of the three months quest... 
'Items that are like my blood...'
In the case of the boots and gauntlets, they were destroyed because I didn't manage the durability. I managed the durability of my helmet and accessories, but it was unfortunate that I dropped them when I died.
As I recalled the hellish past, Toban looked at me suspiciously.
I said, "The only people who don't need armor and accessories are those with excellent control over their weapons, like me. In fact, I remove this armor whenever I hunt. I only arm myself with the greatsword on hunts."
Control was a word that didn't apply to me, as I drank potions like I drank water whenever I hunted. When I watched the hunters on TV, I saw them exquisitely take advantage of the monsters' gaps, firing off powerful skills as they avoided the attacks of monsters. Meanwhile, I just took random potshots and drank potions whenever my health was low. That was my hunting method. 
But right now, I needed to bluff to enter the raid party. Therefore, I quoted the remark I heard about control. However, that was a big mistake. Toban's body was fully armed with heavy armor and a shield.
"Hoh... so people who wear armor aren't skilled?"
He was smiling, but his eyes were cold. He was seriously angry. The problem was that the other party members around were also filled with righteous indignation.
"You make it sound like wearing armor and accessories is a bad thing."
"Listen to him; He never wears armor."
"Those who wear armor and accessories aren't authentic? If we don't want to be ignored, we should take it off..."
I tried to calm down the angry people who were talking sarcastically, "That's too much. I didn't mean anything bad, I was just explaining why I am less dependent on defense."
"Anyway, that means that I shouldn't be armed! Your level is lower than mine!"
A wild-looking, hairy middle-aged person interrupted with a shout. He was equipped with two shining axes, armor and gorgeous ornaments, looking completely like a high-level user. He looked angrier than all the others.
"Grid? This is the first time I've seen you. You, have you done any hunting at the hunting grounds around here? I know how powerful the monsters in this area are. You sure must be confident if you're bragging about hunting them without armor."
The other party members nodded.
"Based on his words, he must be a newbie to this area."
"Have you ever seen someone called Grid?"
"I've never seen him at a nearby hunting ground. How about you?"
"Honestly, it sounds like crap... I think he is actually lower than level 100."
"Looking at him now, it seems like he died and dropped his items on a lone hunt. Maybe his intentions to enter the party are impure. He already has nothing to lose so..."
The atmosphere was getting worse.
'Sharp people... What now? Should I give up on the party?'
As I was feeling confused... A blond haired man with his upper body revealed appeared and intervened.
"Everybody stop."
The party members became excited at the man's appearance.
"First place in the martial artist rankings, Regas."
"The equipment items requirements are so severe that raising the level is difficult, yet he is already over level 180."
"His nickname is Taekwon Master, Taekwon Master. Is it true that a mob will melt when hit by his fists?"
"Wow~! He really came! I did well to join this party! Martial artists ignore defense to attack the weak point. Can't this technique inflict huge damage to the Guardian of the Forest?"
Regas caught my eye and approached me. "A greatsword is very slow and has wide movements, so it isn't easy to take evasive actions during battle. Therefore, it is amazing that you are hunting without wearing armor." 
Regas was good looking, slim, and had ideal muscles. Due to the nature of his class, he was popular with women because he didn't wear any tops. In fact, when I looked closer at him, I saw that he was, in fact, very handsome. I felt like a squid standing next to him. 
I instinctively hated handsome people so I replied bluntly, "It isn't a big deal."
"Hoh, it isn't a big deal... My expectations about your skills have increased. I would love to directly see your amazing abilities."
Regas said to the others, "This guy will also join the party. Originally, it was a party that had no limits on class or level. Some of the party members are below level 90, so I don't think there's a problem in accepting one more level 100 user."
"But..."
People still responded poorly, so Regas added,
"As you know, only level 170 or higher users can hit the Guardian of the Forest properly. Nevertheless, the reason why I gathered as many people as possible without a level limit is that people are needed to mark the golems constantly summoned by the Guardian of the Forest. The Guardian of the Forest will be dealt with by my 17 guild members, including Toban and Vantner. We want people to tie up the feet of the crystal golems while we focus on the Guardian of the Forest. I think that Grid's skills are sufficient for our wishes." 
"......"
"He wants to join the party, so I don't know why we should refuse. I can understand you doubting his actions, but why do you doubt people beforehand?"
The remarks of a strong person were reputable. Once Regas spoke, the party members had an atmosphere like they would accept me into the party. But they had impure intentions.
"Let's see how well his control is."
"Watch him fighting... We will see if he's a braggart or not."
"He said that he fights with his armor off? Then he can't wear his armor on this raid."
"I will watch him closely."
A party filled with intense hostility! This wasn't a Guardian of the Forest raid party, but a Grid raid party.
'I can't join this party.'
If I joined the party now, I would have to fight in front of them. As a level -3 player, I would surely die quickly and not even see the Guardian of the Forest, let alone see the blue orichalcum. It would also come with extra embarrassment involved.
"It's okay. I won't join the party." I stepped back, causing the middle-aged man to laugh.
"Were you just bluffing?"
An attitude that ignored people! But I didn't get angry because his words were true.
I replied coldly, "It isn't a good idea to join a party with people who don't trust me."
Originally, party members should be able to trust each other with their backs. However, everyone here doubted me. The party members were forced to accept my words.
"Well... that is true." 
"Come to think of it, we were so excited that we drove him to the other end." 
"I agree. I didn't know if it was the truth, so I should've just stayed silent."
"That's right. Actually, weren't we the ones who committed the sin? I feel bad now."
I didn't hold onto the party members any longer and left this place. Regas followed me.
"What is it?"
My attitude was cold, but Regas just asked for a handshake with a gentle smile.
"I hope to see you again next time, Greatsword warrior who doesn't use armor. As a person who walks along the path of a martial artist, I am very interested in you."
I didn't doubt that he was interested in me. I didn't think it was a bluff as I gazed into his honest eyes.
I shook hands with him and thought, 'Why is he so naive?'
He was a good person. If I had a chance someday, I would make him a friend that I could borrow money from.
"Then I'll see you again."
Take money from him later... no, I owed him. Therefore, I said goodbye to Regas with a big smile headed straight to the smithy.
I only had 3 gold and 11 silver. I had to make items and sell them to people in order to earn enough to use the carriage. Once I saved up enough money, I could buy some blue orichalcum ore and make 'Failure.' However, saving money was as hard as plucking the stars from the night skies.
"Eh?"
The moment I set foot in the smithy,
[The effect of mastering 'Blacksmith's  Craftsmanship Skill' is activated. Blacksmith NPCs with craftsmanship skill beyond the intermediate level will treat you in a friendly manner.
['Pagma's Descendant' class effect is activated. Blacksmith NPCs with advanced level craftsmanship skills will recognize and worship you.]
This was a hidden feature? It meant I could readily obtain the desired production methods from blacksmiths.
"Wow."
The Pagma's Descendant class, the most I experienced it, the more I liked it. At first, I disliked it because it was a production class. However, it truly was a legendary class. I joyfully entered the smithy and found a blacksmith sweating in front of a hearth.
"I want to make and sell the most profitable item with the greatest demand. What is that item? Please give me a recommendation."
I smiled brightly.
'I am Pagma's Descendant, someone who has mastered the Blacksmith's Craftsmanship Skill. Feel appreciation towards me, worship me, and hand over the appropriate crafting method!'
But the next development went against my expectations. Instead of the worshipping, the blacksmith gazed at me with cold eyes.
"Bah, a kid wants to talk about this subject. I don't want to talk to a rude and incompetent person like you, so get out."
"......?"
This was an ordinary NPC's attitude towards level 1 users. 
'He didn't recognize me?'
An intermediate or advanced blacksmith would instantly recognize me, but the blacksmith here didn't know me. It meant that he was a low level blacksmith who hadn't even reached the intermediate level.
'Ah, you. I met a lousy person.'
I wanted to go to another blacksmith, but this was the only smithy in the village. I expected this to be easy due to the notification window, but it was in vain.
'I forgot how unlucky I was. Dammit.' 
It couldn't be helped. I hurriedly changed my attitude and respectfully spoke to the blacksmith, "You were so passionate about your work that I was afraid to disturb your concentration. Therefore, I wanted to quickly get to the point. Did I sound rude? If so, please forgive me."
"Huh, I see. You have learned strange manners."
The blacksmith looked at me with interest. I stood as politely as possible, like a man engaged in a service job.
"I am Grid. I would like to learn how to make items."
The blacksmith snorted. "Bah, do you think anyone can learn how to make items? A child like you should start from firewood. No, not even. If you sincerely want to learn how to make items from me, you should go to the backyard and obtain firewood. You should be thankful that I am letting you do this."
"...How expected from a lowly blacksmith."
"Huh? Did you say something just now?
"No?"
I was the one feeling regret now. The only person I could depend on in this village was a lowly blacksmith. If I was kicked out from here without learning how to make items, I would have to save money while doing restaurant chores or working in the fields until I gathered enough for the carriage.
"I'll chop the firewood. How much do I need?"
The blacksmith gave me an old axe and said, "As much as you can."
[Chop Firewood] 
Difficulty: E
Blacksmith Smith has given you an errand to chop firewood. If you can finish this task well, Smith will look upon you in a more favorable light.
Quest Clear Conditions: 500 pieces of firewood.
Quest Reward: Affinity with Smith +10, experience +10, 20 bronze.
Quest Failure: Affinity with Smith -10. 
'Wow, it's a normal quest window this time.'
After starting Ashur's quest, I only received S-grade or SS-grade quests, so receiving a normal quest felt like my mind was cleansed.
'I need 20 experience until my next level up... If I complete this quest, my experience bar will fill up by half.'
There was no change in the amount of experience needed to level up from -3 or -1. The amount of experience needed for minus levels seemed to be 20 points. In other words, at the minus level, I could raise my level just by doing these miscellaneous quests.
'First of all, I need to escape from the minus level.'
I thought positive thoughts and headed to the backyard with the axe. After checking the trees piled up on one side, I looked at the axe in my hand. It was an old axe. Could this old axe be used to chop firewood? 
'Rather, I'm worried that the axe will be shattered upon hitting the tree... He might be angry if I break his axe, so I have to be careful...'
I decided to use the 'Legendary Blacksmith's Appraisal' skill on the old axe.
"Appraisal."
[The blacksmith who becomes a legend that appraises items with an excellent discerning eye. If a hidden feature exists in the target item, it will be found.]
[Smith's Old Axe] 
Rating: Normal
Durability: 6/6   Attack Power: 4~7
An axe that the blacksmith Smith has used since he was young. It was well made and is very old, but still cuts well. The durability is weak so there is a danger that it will be destroyed. 
Weight: 40 
[No hidden functions exist.]
It was an ordinary axe, save for the fact that it was very old. I felt relief, rather than disappointment, that the item didn't have a hidden function. I had gone through so many incidents lately that I missed ordinary things.
[You have grasped the materials that make up Smith's Old Axe, the production method, and the intentions of its creator.]
[Your understanding of Smith's Old Axe is now at 100%. You can use Smith's Old Axe perfectly.]
[You have learned how to make an axe.]
Thanks to his passive skill, he perfectly understood the item and new notification windows popped up.
"I got 100% understanding straight away." 
It seemed that items with low ratings could reach the maximum understanding just by using Appraisal on them. Indeed, it would be funny if a legendary blacksmith looked at a normal axe and couldn't understand its production method.
"There are no conditions of use, so I don't think an increased understanding is useful. The advantage is that the axe production method is gained."
A penalty would occur if I equipped an item that I didn't meet the conditions of. The 'understanding' of an item was just a skill that played a role in reducing the penalty. Smith's Old Axe was an item that didn't have a usage penalty, so there were no advantages to the 100% understanding, except for the addition of the production method.
I didn't feel much inspiration, but I placed the axe to one side and set up a log. I thought about spitting into my hands and rubbing them together, like the old man in historical dramas.
'There is no need for physical power when chopping firewood. I just need to go along the grain.'
It was knowledge I picked up from somewhere, but I didn't know exactly what it meant by following the grain. It was simply knowledge that couldn't be applied. However, there was no need to worry. Couldn't I just cut the piece of wood like I would cut a monster with my greatsword? 
'It is like using swordsmanship on a tree.'
I picked up the axe I had put aside. The moment I was about to chop the log... A solid black line was drawn near the center of the log.
"What is this?"
Strange. I watched it for a moment before putting the axe down, watching the black line disappear like it was a lie. I picked up the axe again. The black line soon reappeared. It felt like the axe was telling me to hit the black line.
"This is the effect of 100% understanding."
It was a possible interpretation, but I couldn't be sure. I avoided the black line and hit the middle of the log with the axe.
Beeok!
Although I struck down with all my might, the axe failed and stopped halfway through the log. Chopping it in one go had failed. A notification window popped up stating that the durability of the axe had decreased by one.
"T-This humiliation..."
I couldn't even chop firewood... I was useless here as well! I felt frustrated as I barely managed to pull out the axe stuck in the log. Then I threw the half split piece of wood to the side and picked up a new log.
"This time..."
I gazed at the black line and swung the axe.
Ttaak!
The moment the axe touched the solid line, a light sound was made and an exhilarating feeling  could be felt. The log was split in half without any resistance.
"Ohh!!"
I was forced to admire the effect of understanding the item, finally realizing the importance of understanding.
'This is what it meant by handling the item perfectly. The benefit of increasing item understanding isn't just reducing the penalties or learning how to make the item.'
There was an expression about treating items as another limb. If I raised a sword's understanding to 100%, I could use that sword like it was my own limb. Item understanding could be thought to have the same type of concept as Weapons Mastery.
'If I raise the understanding of items I created to 100%...'
Invincible! I had played the game for over a year, but now there was the possibility of entering the rankings!
"Okay, earn money quickly and pay off my debt! Then I will become a ranker with the power of items!"
Once I became a ranker, I would receive a staggering amount of requests from various media. I could become a rich person just from the TV performance fees. It came with bonus popularity and fame. No one could ignore me anymore and I would be able to gain the heart of my first love, Ahyoung!
My motivation shot upwards!
"Haaaah!! Hat! Hat! Hap!"
Ttaak! Ttaak! Ttaak! Ttadadak~!
I didn't rest as I chopped firewood for two hours. I couldn't stop because the feeling of success was so thrilling. But the pleasure only lasted for a while. As my level was -3, my poor stamina quickly ran out my sense of hunger came quickly after.
I started getting tired at around the 150th piece of firewood, my breathing became arduous and pained.
'Should I take a break and rest?'
No, I wouldn't.
The three months I spent on Ashur's quest was exceptionally painful and difficult, but I pressed on without giving up. I had experienced such a thing, so I couldn't take a break while chopping firewood. This exhaustion was nothing compared to everything I experienced before.
'This isn't hard work. Don't rest. Finish quickly and proceed to the next quest. I will level up and make money.'
I grit my teeth and kept on chopping the firewood.
Once I finished my 280th piece of firewood, my hunger became worse and I started to become dizzy. However, I didn't stop.
'I wouldn't be me if I gave up at this point.'
Since childhood, I had never been good at anything. I wasn't smart, wasn't handsome, and my personality wasn't good. I wasn't even good at sports or exercising. I didn't have a special talent in a single field. 
I had no abilities, felt severe jealousy towards others, and made excuses...
I couldn't deny that I was a bad representation of the human race. However, the reason I was able to build amicable relationships in high school was through my persistence.
I wasn't very smart. I needed to study several times more than others just to maintain a normal grade. My personality was bad. I often put on a charade that was just as good as the politicians. I wasn't good at exercising. During PE, I was able to play soccer with others because I tried diligently.
I knew this about myself, so I tried. I did my best to not give up. Thanks to my persistence, I was able to go to university and make it safely through the army. I might be debt-ridden because of Satisfy, but I barely managed to maintain an ordinary life.
Anyway, persistence was my strong point.
"Level... money..."
I was caught by this obsession and didn't stop moving my axe. I had just chopped the 460th piece of firewood when suddenly, a notification window popped up.
[Persistence stat has been opened.]
"Eh?"
Surprisingly, it was a new stat. I immediately checked the stat.
[Persistence]
You never give up, even in the face of a difficult task. You won't get tired easily. The possessions weight limit has increased. The feeling of satiation will last for a long time.
* The higher the number, the higher the effect.
* Stat points can't be distributed to this stat.
* Every time 10 points are gained in this stat, the 'Indomitable' stat will increase by 1 point. 
 "Wow!"
I wouldn't tire easily, my weight limit would increase, and satiety would last for a long time! It was truly fantastic.  Furthermore, my indomitable stat would go up by one with every 10 points in persistence?
'I have to be persistent to raise this stat?'
I felt some doubt as I returned to chopping the firewood. 
'I showed a lot more persistence when completing Ashur's quest... why wasn't the persistence stat created until now?'
I could only think of it as the difference between a normal rank class and a legendary rank class.
'It might be the same actions and same effort, but the stat growth rate of a legendary class is higher than a normal class.'
Once I discovered the new benefits of the legendary class, I forgot all of my fatigue and started to chop the firewood with more determination.
Ttaak! Ttaak!
As the number of firewood increased, I developed the knack of hitting the firewood. 
Despite hitting along the grain, the durability of the axe decreased by one point every 200 pieces of firewood. However, at a certain point, it no longer decreased and the speed of my chopping accelerated.
By the time I finished 1,000 pieces of firewood, I had four points in the persistence stat.
[You haven't consumed food in a long time, so all stats have dropped by half. It is easier to become affected by an abnormal state. If you continue to starve, your health will gradually decline.]
It was a close call. I was lying breathless on the ground. 
"Pant pant..."
My knees were weak and my arms were heavy. My whole body was screaming in pain, making it hard to move. Despite the compensation from the persistence stat, my -3 level stamina was still poor.
I had chopped firewood for only six hours, but I was exhausted. I ate the bread and water that I took out of my inventory and looked towards the east where the Grey Forest was located.
'The raid party should've arrived at the Guardian of the Forest by now. It is good that I didn't join the party... I would've been disgraced if I joined.' 
With my -3 level stamina, I wouldn't even have been able to follow the movement speed of the other party members. How embarrassing would it have been if I died from exhaustion, not by a monster? I shook my head as I recalled my premature attempt to join the party.
'When I think about it, I don't even know the drop rate of blue orichalcum. My thinking was too simple when I tried to join the party. I should think and act more carefully.'
It felt like I had a small amount of mental growth. 
After a while, I barely recovered and returned to Smith's smithy.
"I finished chopping the firewood. I did as much as possible and managed to obtain 1,000 pieces."
"What?" Smith burst out, "Puhahahahat! A newbie like you chopped 1,000 pieces of firewood in six hours? You aren't just a newbie, but a liar as well! Are you trying to deceive me?"
He laughed like it was funny and glared at me.
'Is this person bipolar?'
I pointed towards Smith's backyard. "Isn't it too much to lie that I chopped 1,000 firewood in six hours? If you don't believe me, why don't you go and check it directly?"
"You don't have to tell me that. If you cheat me, I'll kick you out of here straight away."
I followed Smith towards the backyard. After a few moments... Smith's mouth dropped open as he saw the 1,000 firewood piled up on one side.
"H-How is this possible...? How can someone like you cut 1,000 pieces of firewood so quickly? They're also perfect...! No, the amount of time isn't the problem. You don't have the stamina to chop 1,000 pieces of firewood! Tell me honestly! Where did all this firewood come from? Did it come from Vans carpenter store? Or did you buy it from the woodcutter who lives in the mountains? Foolish guy! I asked you to chop the firewood yourself!"
"What? Why are you framing someone? These are my own logs of firewood!"
"Ridiculous! It can't be!"
Was this person senile? Why didn't he believe me? I picked up the axe. Smith flinched and stepped back as he saw it in my hands. I set up a log.
Ttaack!
My woodcutting technique had reached the peak after chopping 1,000 logs of firewood. As soon as the axe met the wood, a clear sound was heard. It was a thrilling sound that rang through the smithy.
Smith marveled at the sound and then looked surprised when he saw the log split neatly in two. After staring blankly, he nodded and opened his mouth, "I thought you were an ordinary newbie, but you've actually worked for a long time in woodworking."
"No."
"Then, you're a woodcutter."
"No." I reached out a hand towards Smith, who was talking nonsense. "First, give me the compensation."
"Umm... Yes. The work is better than I expected, so I will give you more compensation than I promised..."
Doubt could still be seen in Smith's eyes, but he pulled out 40 coins. At that moment, the quest completion notification window stated that I received 15 experience points. The way that Smith gazed at me also changed considerably. Before, he had looked at me like a cockroach, and now I was like a mutt on the streets?
I was proud. I had felt helpless in the successive S and SS-grade quests, so completing a normal quest after a long time gave me a sense of accomplishment. As I was bathing in the afterglow, Smith gave me a pickaxe.
"If you climb the mountain, there will be a mine. Gather iron ore from there!"
"How much?"
"As much as possible!"
[Mine Iron Ore]
Difficulty: E
Blacksmith Smith is suspicious of you.
He keeps looking and looking, but Smith can't understand why you are better at chopping firewood than him.
Smith has greatly increased the difficulty of the task in order to assess you properly.
Quest Clear Conditions: 80 pieces of iron ore.
Quest Reward: Affinity with Smith +30, experience +55, 20 bronze.
Quest Failure: Affinity with Smith -30. 
55 experience! If I cleared the quest, I would go up three levels at once and finally get rid of the minus level. I was happy. 
No, wait. 'Other people start at level 1, while I'm glad about reaching level 0...'
I felt strange as I accepted the quest.
"I'm going now."
I placed strength in the hand holding the pickaxe. I had a huge passive skill that was understanding items. If I took advantage of this, the mining job would be done without difficulty. I left the smithy without delay. As I headed to a small mountain in the back of the village, I asked a child passing by.
"Kid, do any monsters emerge on that mountain?"
Was he eight years old? The kid with the runny nose shrugged and replied, "Are you really asking that question? How can there be monsters on a mountain attached to the village? My dad says that the lord's soldiers patrol this area for our safety. So you don't have to be a shivering coward, Traveler."
"C-Coward? Me?"
The spiteful expression and nasty tone! A nasty kid who provoked the urge to punish him. As I prepared to rub my fist on the child's head, I saw a big man, probably the child's father, approaching. The man looked between me and the boy with a disapproving expression.
"Boy, why are you hanging around that traveler? He looks stupid, so don't associate with him!"
"Yes. I only replied to him because he looked so pathetic and frustrated."
"Huhu, my son had to go through a lot of trouble. By the way, how did a traveler like that come to our village? Our village isn't a place that lazy people can enter."
"That's right. But he asked me a question and I didn't want to be rude."
"Hahahat! Yes yes. Then let's go to eat. Your mother is waiting."
"Yes Father!"
The father and kid walked away. Dammit, now I was being ignored by a kid.
"It is too much."
The NPCs' attitude towards me was disturbing.  During the level 1-10 beginner days, the NPCs didn't show a favourable opinion towards users, but they still taught us and helped us grow.  However, they unconditionally ignored me now that I was a minus level. They felt irritated just making eye contact with me.
My reputation might've increased by 500 in exchange for discovering Pagma's Rare Book, as well as the dignity stat after changing classes, but the minus level itself seemed to have the worst affinity with NPCs.
'Then Doran was a really nice person.'
I preferred a NPC like Doran, who mistook me for a high level. He forced me to accept the quest, but at least he didn't ignore me.
'When I think of Doran, I'm reminded of Doran's ring.'
I still mourned the thought of the loss of Doran's ring. 
I gazed at the sky for a moment and soothed my mind. I checked my status window before moving to the mountains.
Name: Grid 
Level: -3 (15/20)
Class: Pagma's Descendant
* The probability of adding additional options when making items will increase.
* The probably of item enhancement will increase. 
* All equipment items can be worn unconditionally. However, the is a penalty depending on the rating of the item. 
Title: One who Became a Legend
* Abnormal conditions don't work well on you.
* You won't die when health is at the minimum.
* Easily acknowledged.
Health: 34/34      Mana: 3/3
Strength: 1 + 5   Stamina: 1   Agility: 1   Intelligence: 1 
Dexterity: 1  Persistence: 4
Composure: 1   Indomitable: 1   Dignity: 1   Insight: 1
Stat Points: 0
Weight: 3,075/200
* The weight limit exceeds 200%, so movement speed is reduced by 100%. 
The body is heavy and cannot exert any power properly. 
The probability of receiving the 'weakened' state has become really high. 
'It will take a while to climb the mountain with this slow pace.'
My pace was too slow, despite accelerating at full speed. I wanted to leave all of the items at the warehouse. But there was nothing free in this world. In order to use the warehouse, I had to pay a considerable amount of money.
'I can't afford to spend my money on a warehouse when I am desperately needing a carriage.'
Money was money, but there was also the expectation that the act of enduring the 'slow pace' would have an impact on my persistence stat.
"Okay, let's just go."
I headed towards the mountain at a slow pace. The distance between the smithy and the mountain wasn't far. Would it take around 30 minutes with the average speed of an adult male?  But my movement speed fell by a huge 100%! It took me one hour to arrive at the base of the mountain.
"Phew."
I was tired, despite walking even more slowly than others. It was amazing how creatures like turtles and slugs could live with their slow movement speed. After three hours,
"Pant pant..."
I was barely able to climb to the middle of the mountain. The mountain path was well constructed and the slope wasn't steep, but it took me this long to arrive at the end of the path. It was now dark.
"I just need to go a little further..."
The light from the entrance of the mine wasn't far away, but it wasn't easy to reach. My poor stamina was already depleted.
"Shit..."
I didn't want to delay arriving at my destination. 
I barely suppressed my desire to rest and struggled to move on. One step, another step, each step was filled with a heavy weight. It felt like I was walking in deep water while wearing thick cotton clothes. But I went forward. 
The moment I arrived at the mine!
[Your persistence has risen.]
"As I expected!"
I laughed as I looked at my rising stat. It felt like I recovered from my tired spirit instantly. While I couldn't raise these stats through leveling up, the ones that grew through certain behaviors gave me a tremendous sense of accomplishment and pleasure, like a drug. It seemed like I would never be able to stop grinding stats for the rest of my life.
I entered the mine and literally sat down with joy. I took a break and consumed bread and water, then my stamina slowly recovered.
"Then shall I start? Appraisal."
After judging that I had rested enough, I took out the pickaxe and used the Legendary Blacksmith's Appraisal skill.
[Smith's Pickaxe] 
Rating: Normal
Durability: 19/19   Attack Power: 7~9
A pickaxe used by the blacksmith, Smith. It was used by Smith to build up his skills.
Thanks to the strong durability, Smith collected 120 iron ore in a single day with this pickaxe. Since that day, the miners in this village have acknowledged Smith. 
Weight: 40 
[A hidden function doesn't exist.]
[You have grasped the materials that make up Smith's Pickaxe, the production method, and the intentions of its creator.]
[Your understanding of Smith's Pickaxe is now at 100%. You can use Smith's Pickaxe perfectly.]
[You have learned how to make a pickaxe.]
I received a great stimulus after reading the description of the pickaxe.
'T-That old man mined 120 iron ores in one day?'
I received a quest to mine 80 iron ores. There was no time limit. Yes, it would take a few days to gather the 80 iron ores needed to complete the quest. But I couldn't relax after finding out that Smith obtained 120 iron ores in one day.
'I am going to obtain 200 pieces in one day and then make that old man recognize me!'
I looked around the mine with the pickaxe in my hand. Red dots glittered all over the walls.
'I am supposed to hit those spots.'
As I moved to one red dot, the miners resting on the side discovered me.
"Hey Newbie, why are you holding a pickaxe in your hand? Surely you aren't trying to mine?"
"I am."
"What? Puhahahat!!"
The miners laughed. Some of them rolled across the floor with tears in their eyes. Another person frowned and said. "Cut it out. A newbie like you can swing all day and not even obtain a single iron ore."
The others agreed.
"You should be glad if you don't break your wrist."
"We are saying this because we are worried, so just go home. New. Bie."  
'Yes, laugh now.'
I didn't respond to them. I would show them with my actions!
Kaaang! Kaaang!
[Iron ore has been acquired.]
The iron ore emerged after I hit the red dot three or four times. The miners were amazed at the sight.
"Ah, no? How can he do it so easily...?"
"Hey, it's just a coincidence."
Kaaang! Kaaang!
[Iron ore has been acquired.]
"Wow..."
"What, that guy? Why is he so good when he looks so incompetent?"
"Fools. That isn't his skill. The pickaxe is special."
One of the whispering miners approached me before reaching out and saying,.
"That pickaxe, can I try it?"
Did they think I was mining using the power of an item because they couldn't recognize my skills? I wanted to see the expressions of the miners change when they realize that my pickaxe was ordinary. So I handed the pickaxe to the miner.
"Look carefully. I'll prove that this pickaxe isn't an ordinary one." The miner declared and wielded the pickaxe with confidence.
Kakang! Kakakang! Kang! Kaaang! Kang!
"Pant pant... it's just an ordinary pickaxe..."
The minor said awkwardly after repeating the swing of the pickaxe many times and only obtaining one iron ore. The miners who saw it were agitated.
"Then he is good at mining..."
"We shouldn't judge people by their appearance. Anyway, it's time for us to leave. Let's head down."
The miners ignored me and left the mine. They didn't apologize for their mistake and or acknowledge my skills. 
Anyway, I started the full-scale mining work.
[Iron ore has been acquired.]
"It's really easy."
The 100% understanding corrected my pickaxe swinging posture and accurately pinpointed the position I needed to hit. It felt like I could gather 200~300 iron ores. But that confidence only lasted a short moment. I became exhausted after a while. The act of hitting a wall in a semi-enclosed space consumed more stamina than chopping firewood.
"Pant pant... this damned..."
My breathing worsened when I obtained the 26th iron ore. My waist and arms started twitching. My level -3 body was screaming at me to take a break.  But I couldn't rest. It was because my desire to raise my level quickly was greater than my desire to rest.
After adjusting my breathing, I straightened my posture and swung the pickaxe again.
Kaaang! Kakang!
"Ugh..."
By the time I extracted the 41st iron ore, the sensations from my wrist and waist started to disappear. Sweat poured like rain down my body. My legs weakened by I persisted in swinging the pickaxe. I couldn't see the sky when I raised my head, only the stifling ceiling.
I wanted to rest. But I wanted to earn money by learning how to make items quickly. My hands trembled as I moved my pickaxe.
Kakang! Kajajak!
"Pant... pant... ah, I'm dying."
Once it was the 59th piece of iron ore, my vision became blurry from fatigue. My muscles screamed. My shaking hands couldn't hold the pickaxe tightly. I soothed my hunger with bread and water and persisted.
This was my limit. Right now, I wanted to throw the pickaxe in my hand away. But I actually gripped the pickaxe tighter.
"I won't give up because of this. My job is labour! Uraaaaat!"
Kakang! Kakang! Kakakang!
I was debt-ridden because of the game; I was a loser in reality. One day, I heard from a friend that my high school alumni ignored me and ridiculed me.  It was bitter because I knew that the friend who delivered the news had acted the same as the alumni. 
My friends from the army and university? I hadn't been in touch with them for a long time. Ah, I was contacted four months ago by an army buddy. He was working for a multi-level (pyramid scheme) company and was willing to offer me a job. It was easy to see who disregarded me. 
I didn't bother speaking to them to change their opinion.
If I told them that I was crazy about a game, they would just look at me like I was pathetic.
I was so embarrassed about my pathetic self that I couldn't go to the second reunion. However, it was the only way to meet my first love, Ahyoung, so I attended an alumni meeting when I was on vacation from the army...
There was nothing pleasing about what happened. I was only able to forget about reality and find stability when I logged into Satisfy.
But that was a while ago. Now, Satisfy was no different from the real world. Even the NPCs were ignoring me! This wasn't the real world. I needed to grow as quickly as possible. I would raise my level, earn money and escape my debt. Then I would become a ranker. Then like Katz not long ago, I would be interviewed on TV.
I was Pagma's Descendant! The epic classes that made two billion users astonished? They were nothing in front of the legendary class!
"I will show the worldddd!!!"
Kaaang!
[Iron ore has been acquired.]
"I must succeed." 
Due to the debt, I was doing labor work every day. Then I would tell all those who ignored me. I wouldn't ignore the abuse again. In fact, you lot weren't that great either!
My pickaxe moved again. My persistence stat steadily grew. As I became more and more familiar with the mining technique, the speed that the durability decreased slowed. Before I knew it, the bright morning sun shone. The miners who came to work were amazed to see me.
"Did that guy work all night?"
"Unlike how he looks, he has enormous stamina. No, how is his mental state still fine? What an amazing guy." 
"Heok! Look at the amount of iron ore! Has he broken Smith's record?"
"Aish, how can he break Smith's record? I honestly admit that he is doing well but... eh? Hey, hasn't his mining skill improved overnight?"
During that day, I fell into a critical state several times and minimized the amount of time spent mining. I experienced dangerous situations and almost died several times while mining, but was able to pass the crisis and got 170 iron ore by lunch time.
Despite it being less than my target of 200 iron ores, I couldn't continue any longer because my water ran out.
Stagger. Stagger stagger.
The miners watched as I left the mine with barely any strength left.
"This person, great... I have to admit it. I apologize for what I said yesterday and for ignoring you. Please forgive me for my rudeness."
"You will surely be a great miner! No, with this great spirit, you will succeed in whatever you want to do!"
The miners who ignored me yesterday now acknowledged me. Being acknowledged by someone, it was a valuable experience that I only had a few times in my life. I was proud, even if the other people were NPCs.
I descended the mountain with lighter steps. Overnight, my persistence stat had risen to 16 points. My stamina also rose, so I was able to descend the mountain without becoming tired.
I dragged the heavy sack of iron ores towards the smithy. It felt like the gazes of the villages had significantly changed. The miners had spread my story through the village.
"Uh, I'm sorry for yesterday, Miner."
The kid from yesterday had a complete 180-degree change in attitude as he apologized to me. His father also smiled at me.
My level was still minus. However, the attitude of the minors and people who ignored me suddenly changed in a day. It seemed that the 'easily acknowledged' characteristic of my title was applied.
'I feel good...'
The world of Satisfy, which had grown similar to reality after I became a minus level, now felt like a haven again. I smiled and gave the boy a light pat. Shortly afterwards, I arrived at the smithy.
He already heard. Smith had a stunned expression as I handed him the bag containing 170 iron ore.
"How is it? Can you still call me a newbie?"
"Haha..." Smith checked the number and condition of the iron ores, then shook his head with a thrilled expression. "No, you're a great person, not a newbie. You have great talent and will grow to be a great person by overcoming any hardships."
Smith asked me for a handshake.
"Someone like you dreaming of becoming a blacksmith, all blacksmiths on the continent will rejoice. Thank you for giving me the glory of teaching you."
I willingly shook hands with Smith.
Smith smiled warmly and continued, "You were very good. You also broke my mining record, which no one else has done. I will give you twice the promised reward."
There was a notification information me of the quest's success, then the rewards started coming in.
[Reputation in Bairan Village has increased by 200.]
[1]
[Affinity with Smith has risen to 60.]
[Your level has risen.]
[Your level has risen.]
[Your level has risen.]
[Your level has risen.]
[You are now level 1. Your stats, which were fixed to a minimum due to the minus level penalty, have been restored to their normal state.] 
[The basic stats of Pagma's Descendant have been applied.]
Finally...
"This is the start."