Jiang Chen felt like his brains were made of mush - as if he was in a dream, but this felt much more real than that. Every inch of skin, every bone in his body cried out in agony. "Am I dead? Am I suffering through the fires of purgatory that burn in hell?" Jiang Chen's first instinct was that he was dead, but the tenuous hint of breath in his body seemed to remind him otherwise - that he was still alive. After who knew how long, Jiang Chen suddenly forced his eyes open with a struggle, but found himself in a coffin. In a coffin? Then, I'm really dead? Jiang Chen became depressed. "How laughable. I, Jiang Chen, son of the Celestial Emperor, was born with a yin constitution and thus could not practice martial dao. Even when father refined the Sun Moon Pill so that I could enjoy life as long as the heavens exist, I still became father's burden and succumbed to my death when the cataclysm descended from the heavens...." "Eh? What's going on with my meridians? There's true qi flowing through them?! It's quite weak... wait! This... this isn't my body, this is definitely not my body! I was born with a yin constitution, so how could I have true qi present in my body?" "And, if I was truly dead, how could there be true qi flowing through my body?" It was as if an electrical jolt passed through Jiang Chen's brain as he laid in the coffin. At the same time, he realized that the body lying in the coffin didn't belong to him. "This... what is this? Whose body is this?" This unexpected discovery brought both surprise and joy to him. He quickly discovered a few fragments of memory in the body. "This body's owner was also named Jiang Chen? The son of the duke of the Jiang Han province in the Eastern Kingdom? The name is right, but this is obviously not me! I am the son of the almighty Celestial Emperor - how did I become the scion of such a mundane kingdom?" Jiang Chen's mind was filled with questions. "Did I really die in the cataclysm? Is this the reincarnation referred to in legends? The heavens were shattered and the wheel of life smashed... I should've been annihilated in the cataclysm with no hope of traveling along the wheel of life! So this means... I've really reincarnated?" Jiang Chen finally confirmed this new reality after perusing the fragments from the past Jiang Chen's consciousness. "To think that I was the exalted son of the Celestial Emperor in my past life, yet was barred from cultivating due to my yin constitution. Yet, now that I've reincarnated into the son of the duke of such a humdrum kingdom, I've gained the potential to train... Oh the irony!" "The heavens were shattered and order crumbled... I, Jiang Chen, lived a million years in vain in my past life. Although I died with the sun and moon, I couldn't offer any help when the cataclysm arrived. A yin constitution cannot train, and thus is doomed to always be at the mercy of others. My fate was like that of a floating speck of dust - easily dispelled as the wind blew." Jiang Chen grew somber, lost in his thoughts as he thought of the treatment he'd suffered in his past life, and of his father who had developed the Sun Moon Pill at such a great cost, so that his son's mortal body could enjoy life as long as the sun and moon's. He knew that this life and death separation was possibly an eternal farewell! Even though he'd lived a million years, even though he possessed great intelligence - when he thought of his father the Celestial Emperor painstakingly taking care of him, hot tears still spilled out of his eyes. He knew, the heavens were shattered. Even if one were as almighty as the Celestial Emperor, it was almost impossible to survive the cataclysm. Jiang Chen became upset as his thoughts traveled to the end of this path. However, it was as if a bolt of thunder crashed into his soul when his soul touched upon his body's meridians. It was like a man dying of thirst finding a sweet spring! The slowly moving true qi was so weak, weak to the point of almost flickering out. But it was this fragile hint of true qi that stoked his flames of life and swept away those depressing thoughts. "Train? Heh, cultivated! This was once a ludicrous thought for someone with a yin constitution like mine. I couldn't train in my past life, but never acceded to fate. Now that I have gained the potential to train due to reincarnation, is this not an opening that the door of fate has cracked open for me?" "I was the exalted son of the Celestial Emperor, and held charge of the Tianlang Library for millions of years. I have perused countless books and scrolls. I was familiar with all disciplines and methods of training. I was unparalleled and renowned for the accomplishments in my dao of alchemy, but my knowledge was forever halted and just theoretical, at an abstract level. Now that I have gained the ability to train thanks to reincarnation, what cause have I to fear? For what reason would I, Jiang Chen, bow my head in defeat?" Jiang Chen felt a weight lift off his shoulders as he explored this line of reasoning. Those negative emotions he had slowly disappeared. He felt that this reincarnation was a turning point that would interminably change his life! Indeed, from the perspective of Jiang Chen's past life, the identity of the son of an ordinary noble was completely inconsequential.  But even the lowliest person possessed one quality that he did not in his past life, and that was the qualification to cultivate! The qualification to cultivate was like the starting line of a race. Although he was an eminent person in his past life, as lofty as dragons and phoenixes, he could only watch on the sidelines. Now, despite his commonness in his current life, despite being like an ant, he had the qualification to step up to the starting line and take his place. The path of training was ceaseless and boundless. As long as one had good fortune, one could transform and become all powerful. Even wings could be stuck onto ants for them to soar in the heavens! And now, an opportunity had come! Son of the Celestial Emperor, Keeper of the Tianlang Library. He had devoted his millions years of life almost entirely to studying. It would be no exaggeration to say that he was a walking encyclopedia and grasped the world's knowledge. His belly full of theories spanning from the divine heavens to common dirt, there was no topic that Jiang Chen was unfamiliar with. Although Jiang Chen could not train in the many boring years in his past life, he loved to take in disciples and conduct experiments with them, testing out one theory or another. He'd lost track of how many prodigies he'd created in his lifetime. What was opportunity? He had reincarnated with the memories of the son of the Celestial Emperor, and had gained the body of the unfortunate dukedom heir Jiang Chen. Those experiments he had conducted on his disciples could finally now be acted out with his own hands! This was opportunity! Jiang Chen could hardly contain himself. At this moment, a striking crash sounded, as if something had slipped and cracked. Crash! "Jiang Ying, figure it out! Find out at all costs!" Jiang Feng, the duke of Jiang Han, furiously smashed a vase, almost wishing to burn down the kingdom in his rage. "Your Lordship, we already have a clue." Jiang Ying spoke respectfully, dressed from head to toe in black. "Although the young master was not diligent in training, he was still a fighter of the true qi level. His control over his body would be absolute. In the face of such an important occasion, he would not have lost control and passed gas." "Then, someone is behind all this? Someone intentionally wanted to embarrass Chen'er during the Rites of Heavenly Worship, so that he would enrage the king and be executed?" Jiang Feng's tone had descended to a dangerous point. "The young master ate breakfast with friends at the Autumn Crane this morning. I did not discover anything when I investigated Autumn Crane, but found traces of "Three Laugh Powder" in the young master's body." Three Laugh Powder? Jiang Feng's face darkened, how would he not know what "Three Laugh Powder" was? This item cleared up a person's internal passages. While it did not have any side effects, it would cause a person's qi to sink through their body, and be emitted from all parts of the body. His son's damnable gas expulsion that enraged the king during the Rites of Heavenly Worship was not out of nowhere, it was definitely due to this "three laugh powder". "It seems that instead of being a coincidence, this was a devious, premeditated plot!" Jiang Feng easily came to this conclusion after connecting the dots. "Your Lordship, here is a list of whom the young master had breakfast with. However, they are all sons of other dukes, so it will be difficult to find out who is responsible." Jiang Ying was Jiang Feng's right hand man, and his most valued and loyal vassal. "Go, go thoroughly investigate this matter! Even if I lose my dukedom, even if I am torn asunder, I will not idly sit by when my son has been killed!" Jiang Feng didn't believe the crap of absolute obedience to one's overlord. Utter drivel! Generations of the Jiang family had been loyal, but not stupidly loyal. The Jiang family had toiled ceaselessly for the Eastern Kingdom royal family for generations, defending the land, fighting in wars and steadfastly holding their stations. They had won their sole dukedom at high cost, but now his only son was unceremoniously caned to death? A vassal had no need to be loyal if the overlord was not kind. If it came down to it, rebellion then! It felt as if a volcano was on the verge of erupting in his chest whenever Jiang Feng thought of King Eastern Lu's cold expression as he gave the order to kill; the sight of his enemies gloating in that moment, or the son that had been beaten beyond recognition as he lay in his coffin. He itched to immediately return to his territory and stampede into the capital with hundreds of thousands under his banner, to let rivers of blood flow in the streets! Upon hearing these words, combined with the vague memories left in the body, Jiang Chen roughly understood what had happened. It turned out that the original owner of this body had the unfortunate timing to fart during the Rites of Heavenly Worship! These rites were hosted by the most sacred temple in the country, and attended by the king and all 108 Eastern Kingdom nobles in order to pray for King Eastern Lu's beloved daughter. The king and his nobles had commenced many preparations before the rites were held, such as forgoing meat, bathing, and changing into fresh clothes, as well as burning lavender incense. In other words - everyone had cleaned up nicely, and was striving for perfection in order to convince the heavens of their sincerity to succeed in obtaining blessings. Everything was proceeding smoothly at first. But just as the king and his nobles had kowtowed on the temple steps in prayer, Jiang Chen let out an earsplitting fart. One had to know that kowtowing in prayer was the most important part of the entire rite. Absolute silence needed to be maintained during this part. This was how one could communicate with the gods and demonstrate their devotion. However, Jiang Chen's fart rudely broke this silence and shattered this dignified gathering. Everyone knew that farts were comprised of unhealthy gas and were extremely unsound. If this had happened during a regular occasion, it would have been simply passed over as everyone else held their breath. However, Jiang Chen's regrettable fart was smelly and long. It was an affront to the gods! The high priest in charge of the rite's proceedings was appalled and started cursing loudly, as if the fart had destroyed the pillar of the world and was causing the sky to cave in. This aroused the great wrath of King Eastern Lu, as he doted on his beloved daughter so, and he called for the guards to drag Jiang Chen away and beat him to death! Even then, his anger was not abated and he gave the order to hang Jiang Chen's corpse on the city wall for vultures and scavengers to pick on. Jiang Chen wouldn't even have had a body left if the kingdom's nobles didn't persuade the king otherwise, pointing out that openly displaying a corpse was vulgar and uncivilized, and would adversely impact the kingdom's fortunes. Jiang Chen had finally figured out the who, why, when, where and how of the entire situation after some careful organization of the facts. He also knew why the previous Jiang Chen died. "Alright! Looks like this past Jiang Chen died quite a luckless death. Death because of farting? This king of the Eastern Kingdom is quite a character. Rites of Heavenly Worship? Heh. I, the vaunted son of the Celestial Emperor, have encountered many rituals in my time, but never have I heard of obtaining heaven's blessing via a fresh shower, new clothes, and a few sticks of incense. There is at least order under heaven. Those who are benevolent are rewarded in kind, and those who are not are punished. Ah, forget it. I have been handed this opportunity thanks to this tyrant killing Jiang Chen." Jiang Chen sighed as he lay in the coffin, feeling a multitude of feelings. While he was outraged on the past Jiang Chen's behalf, he couldn't help but be secretly delighted that he himself had reincarnated. Except, he had also clearly heard the conversation between the two. One of them was the past Jiang Chen's father, or rather, his current father. Seeing this life's father flying into an awe inspiring rage, ready to erupt into full blown rebellion at any second, warmed Jiang Chen's heart. It gave him a sense of déjà vu to witness this kind of fatherly love and doting. "Who would have thought that I would be so lucky to have an unconditionally supportive father in both my past and present lives. Although this duke of Jiang Han is a pillar of the kingdom, he is willing to rebel for a son unjustly killed. He is a man of courage and uprightness." Perhaps it was due to the blood ties between this body and Jiang Feng. Whatever it was, Jiang Chen felt very warmly disposed towards Jiang Feng as a father at first glance. At least he wasn't a timid, stupidly loyal subject. And of course Jiang Chen wouldn't let the situation get out of hand and develop towards rebellion. Although it could be deeply satisfying to rebel against one's overlord for a noble cause, it was a quick way to die when one considered the big picture. Not to mention that Jiang Feng wasn't on home ground at the moment. And even if he was, even if he rallied a million troops, it was hopelessly futile to think of a duke prevailing against an entire kingdom. Jiang Chen was the son of the Celestial Emperor in his past life and widely educated. He understood well the meaning of "those with noble morals need not rush brashly into seeking revenge", and would definitely prevent the father of his current life from committing such a brainless action. It was true that he was the son of the Celestial Emperor in his past life. But in this life, the identity of his past life was nothing but hot air! If his father Jiang Feng rebelled and the royal family reacted accordingly, how could anyone escape unscathed? Jiang Chen had finally taken control of a new body when he reincarnated, he didn't want to croak after he woke up. Therefore, when he saw that his father was ready to leave behind a trail of blood at a moment's notice, Jiang Chen couldn't resist the urge to give a quiet "eurgh". It was a sound that promptly froze Jiang Feng where he stood. Jiang Feng had become completely petrified as he stared unblinkingly at Jiang Chen's body lying in the coffin. The fierce rage in his eyes transformed into strong fatherly love in a blink of an eye. A father's love is like a mountain, and Jiang Feng almost launched himself into a flying leap like a tiger as he rushed to grab Jiang Chen's hand. "Chen'er, you... you're not dead?" Although the face was a stranger's face, this fatherly love was so akin to the one he'd experienced in his past life that Jiang Chen was no stranger to it. "Father, I have dragged you down with me." At that moment, Jiang Feng was wholly immersed in the joy of regaining the son he'd lost. Who gave a crap about the flood of great changes following his son? "Nonsense! You are my son, the son of Jiang Feng, how could you have dragged me down? Everything is so wonderful because you have not died Chen'er! So what if you farted? The daughter of that Eastern Lu contracted an incurable disease, as if holding some rites would cure that? If worshipping the heavens would heal all terminal illnesses, what use are doctors then?" "And, his precious daughter's life is important, but is my son's life not equally so? Just because he held rites to beg mercy from heaven means that my son is to be caned to death for an accidental fart?" Jiang Feng didn't bother to hide from his son the fires of bitter anger in his belly. He even dared to call the king of the Eastern Kingdom by his name. It would seem that this duke of Jiang Han was truly angered. Jiang Chen was certain that if he had truly died, Jiang Feng would have certainly rebelled. This was a man who was willing to blast holes in the sky for his son. "It's not a bad thing to have this kind of father." Jiang Chen's positive impression towards this father had increased even more. "Don't be afraid Chen'er. Now that you've woken up, you will never suffer again for as long as I have breath in my body. I will contact the nobles that we are friendly with and petition that Eastern Lu to pardon those random, absurd crimes you were charged with." Defilement of the sacred altar, debasement of the holy temple, blasphemy against the gods, destroyer of the Rites of Heavenly Worship! If these crimes were not cleared, they would cause no end of trouble for Jiang Chen, even if he'd come back from the dead. At the same time, Jiang Chen knew that he could not have crimes hanging over his head if he was to live in this Eastern Kingdom in the future. "Father, let's not be in a rush to clear my name. The Eastern family is thoroughly enraged at the moment. We can visit after a few days when his anger has abated. I've already been caned once, surely he won't forget his dignity as a king and cane me again?" Jiang Chen had a lot of ways to handle the situation at hand. He was in no rush as he needed time to get used to this new identity and feel at home in this new body. Jiang Feng was about to respond when some sounds registered in his ears. "Chen'er, lie down, someone's coming," he said quietly. Jiang Chen did so with resignation as his revival from death was simply too abrupt. This would be heaven shaking news if anyone saw him. His father was asking him to keep up the being dead cover for now. Alright, with this coffin as a cover, playing dead was the easiest thing in this world. "Brother Chen, you died so needlessly!" The footsteps were far away, but this wailing cry had quite a strong piercing quality to it. The rolling sound of footsteps accompanied this mournful howl. Yes, rolling. The person who was arriving – well, it would be more apt to call the person a meatball. The fleshy figure was almost the same width in all directions, and his body presented perfect curves, forming a meaty meatball. The meatball had never been ashamed of his body, but was rather proud of it instead. He had once proclaimed that out of all 108 nobles, he was neither the most bravehearted and loyal nor the most intellectual and strategic, but that no one could rob his number one ranking for weight. It was quite a feat for someone to have such a unique body, but his father had taken it one step further and given him an exceedingly feminine name – Xuan Xuan. Two young men, roughly the same age, followed closely behind the meatball. Both of them wore tragic expressions of grief; it was apparent that they had come to pay their respects to Jiang Chen. The meatball was out in front and strode quickly to the side of the coffin. With his bulk planted so firmly, no one else could even come close and could only hover in the background. The meatball wiped away tears with one hand and continuously fished out things with his other, tossing them into the brazier already burning paper money as he did so. "Brother Chen, this was your favorite, illustrated version of the Carnal Prayer Mat. I was self-centered before and refused to lend it to you. Now that you are gone and I have lost a fellow hobbyist, what use is this to me? I'm burning this to you so that you can read it down below if you're bored. Remember, don't be selfish like me. Sharing is caring." "And, this is a note for ten thousand silver. You were the one who resolved things with ten thousand silver the last time I gave in to my urges and accidentally got that girl pregnant. My dad would have immediately beaten me to death if he found out, but I never even got the chance to return this money to you..." The meatball cried buckets of tears and snot as he grew even more broken hearted as he cried. He lay there on the floor, pounding the floor in great sorrow after burning the items. Jiang Chen laid at ease in the coffin and made no sound. He also wanted to use this opportunity to observe these best friends. Fatty Xuan Xuan was undoubtedly the most loyal, staunchest supporter of them all. "Ah brother Chen, I am fine. However, that old Eastern Lu caned you to death. I do hereby swear that if I, fatty, ever inherit my old man's Jinshan dukedom, I will never send a single soldier or horse to fight for that Eastern family's cause for the rest of my life!" At this moment the fatty turned around to glare at those behind him, heckling at them, "You there, are you best friends with brother Chen? Do you view brother Chen as a brother? Come swear before his memorial tablet if you do!" The stalwart, dependable looking young man retorted back, "Fatty, do you think you're the only one with loyalty? That I, the heir to Hubing dukedom, is lesser than you?" With that, the young man also rushed to the altar and swore, "Brother Chen, I, Hubing Yue, do so swear that if I inherit the Hubing dukedom in the future, I will never send a single soldier or horse to fight for the Eastern family's cause for the rest of my life!" Seeing that the two had already sworn a solemn oath, that left the remaining splendidly dressed youth at a bit of loose ends. "Yang Zong, is brother Chen your brother or not?" The meatball started to grow angry as he saw the richly dressed youth hesitate. "Have you forgotten that it was brother Chen who stood up for you when you were bullied by Yan Yiming, the heir to the Yanmen dukedom, after arriving at the capital?" "And that time when you failed to complete your mission to cultivate spirit level medicine ingredients, it was brother Chen who used his extra portion to fill in the gap for you. Did you know that because he gave part of his portion to you, his grade of excellent was changed to average?" The fatty's anger grew as he spoke, until he was about ready to spring up, grab the richly dress youth's collar and punch him. Memories started fleshing out for Jiang Chen as fatty Xuan spoke. He was able to gradually reconcile the people before him with those in his memories. Just as fatty Xuan started haranguing the other, quick footsteps sounded as the Jiang family butler came to the door. "Master Jiang, His Majesty the King has arrived with other nobles in order to pay his respects to the young master." "Pay his respects?" Fatty Xuan was livid. "Is he shedding crocodile tears? Does he think burning a few sticks of incense will cover up the fact that he beat someone to death?" Fatty Xuan could afford to be so brash. After all, Jiang Feng was a duke of the kingdom and could not engage in the same theatrics. Given that his son was not dead, he too was deliberating how to handle the aftermath. His son's life and position must be protected at all costs. This was Jiang Feng's bottom line. Jiang Feng was quite aware that as king, Eastern Lu would not feel apologetic about killing a noble's son. One had to be coldhearted in order to reign as a monarch. What he meant by paying his respects was undoubtedly a complete sham. An act that, on a deeper level, was to sound out Jiang Feng and warn him not to act rashly. Obviously, Eastern Lu had no fear of Jiang Feng hating him, or even rebelling. However, as the ruler of a kingdom, he did not wish for such a thing to happen. After all, who knew what other situations may develop if civil unrest began. And in fact, Jiang Feng had a few connections in the Eastern Kingdom. The duke's manor had become quite lively with this development. King Eastern Lu had arrived in person with an entourage accompanying him. Although there weren't that many, only seven or eight people, they included other dukes as well as royal officials. The most surprising fact was that the king had brought his sickly daughter with him, Eastern Zhiruo. One had to give it to them, these dukes and officials were top of the line actors. From the king to the dukes, each one bore an expression more tragic than the last. As if the Jiang Chen lying in the coffin was a child of their family. Jiang Feng was expressionless as he woodenly returned the visitors' greetings. If playacting was what they wanted, then playacting they would receive. However, when Eastern Zhiruo stepped up to light her incense sticks, the sickly girl said in a quiet voice, "Big brother Jiang Chen, I'm sorry, you were drawn into this situation because Zhiruo is so useless. But don't worry, Zhiruo will personally apologize to you if there is another world after death. When we are there you are free to hit me, yell at me, or do whatever. Father held the Rites to pray for me, so your death is Zhiruo's fault. I hope the heavens can understand and blame Zhiruo alone; not my royal father, nor my kingdom's citizens..." Although the little girl spoke in halting bursts, even while she lacked the proper amount of breath to do so, she was sincere and quite serious. These words caused the nobles who were acting up a storm to feel slightly ashamed at their actions. Even fatty Xuan found it hard to hate her, and he hated the Eastern royals with a passion. "I say Princess Zhiruo, the guy's dead already, there's no point in saying all this. If you really feel guilty, then marry my brother Chen when you're down there. He was not qualified to be your consort when alive, but dead...! Heh! Oh yes, my brother Chen loves a nice butt. In terms of body, he..." No one could shut fatty Xuan's mouth once he'd started speaking. His words completely incensed Eastern Lu. You damn fatty, are you cursing my daughter to die as soon as possible? Meanwhile, the dukes were striving mightily to control their facial expressions. They were desperately afraid of being amused by the buffoon that was fatty Xuan, and of revealing a smile at inappropriate timing. Jiang Chen had been lying quite comfortably in the coffin when he heard fatty Xuan start to lose control of the situation. How could one continue to lie down when such a thing was happening? He sprang into a sitting position and scowled, "Damn fatty, can't you even let me die in peace?" With the exception of his father, Jiang Chen's action froze everyone solid for a good couple of seconds. Fatty Xuan was the closest to him and was absolutely overjoyed, "Brother Jiang, are you pretending to be a corpse or playing dead?" "Pretending my ass. Playing dead is extremely tiring, why don't you try it?" Eastern Lu's face stilled when he saw Jiang Chen suddenly sit up. A follower beside him immediately proclaimed, "Jiang Chen, how dare you pretend to be dead! You have misled your king and committed treason! You and your family clan should be executed!" A king never failed to be short of these sycophants. Jiang Chen was too lazy to pay him any attention, and slowly pulled himself out of the coffin. He asked Eastern Lu with a calm gaze, "Your Majesty, Jiang Chen was lucky and did not die. I merely wish to ask, do you intend to cane me to death once again, or will you forgive your subject's unintentional crimes?" Eastern Lu was the king of a nation but his strong heart skipped a beat when Jiang Chen swept his gaze over him. This youth that had climbed out of a coffin had a mysterious, indefinable quality about him that made even Eastern Lu a bit wary. "Hmph! I am the king of a nation! Why on earth would I dignify your impudent question with a response? You will be spared since you had the great luck to survive." Eastern Lu actually really wanted to choke Jiang Chen to death, but reason told him that he needed to conduct himself in a manner befitting a king. If he made a move against Jiang Chen now, his underlings would think he was not acting as a king should, not to mention that the duke of Jiang Han would rebel without a doubt "Your Majesty, this devious rat was playing dead to avoid being executed. This treacherous intention is worthy of a death sentence! This duke petitions your majesty to judge harshly and exact justice." It was that sycophant again. However, Jiang Han's duke, Jiang Feng, wasn't playing along this time. He leapt up and bawled, "What is the meaning of this, duke of Tianshiu? His Majesty has said he won't be pursuing the matter further, just what are you trying to accomplish here with your jumping up and down?" It wasn't exactly a harmonious picture between the 108 dukes of the Eastern Kingdom. This duke of Tianshui and Jiang Feng, the duke of Jiang Han, were notorious rivals. The duke of Tianshui laughed coldly, "Jiang Feng, don't you find it odd that your son has arisen from the dead? I suspect you were also involved in misleading his majesty. I petition His Majesty to thoroughly investigate the Jiang father and son. If I speak the truth, then the entire Jiang family clan should be executed." Jiang Chen gave a quiet chuckle as he saw his father was about to erupt into full-blown anger, and swept his eyes in an interested gaze between Eastern Lu and Eastern Zhiruo. He then casually spoke, "Your Majesty, it would be simple to execute the entire Jiang family clan, but it wouldn't be as easy to save her Highness' life, now would it? Eastern Lu's expression froze, "What do you mean by that Jiang Chen?" "Nothing much, just that when I was being beaten to death in the temple just now, I seemed to hear a divine voice whispering next to my ear. It conveyed a great deal of words that seemed to have something to do with the princess' illness. I found the will to live again when I thought of the princess' illness, so I clawed my way back to life. If Your Majesty thinks I should die, then please give the order to cane me to death again!" Jiang Chen was a smart fellow; he knew what to say in order to whet someone's appetite. What he just said had precisely struck Eastern Lu's weak spot. As the ruler of a kingdom, Eastern Lu was tyrannical and paranoid. But as a father, Eastern Zhiruo was the apple of his eye. He was tempted upon hearing that a divine being had taken an interest in his daughter's illness. What were the Rites for? Who else if not his daughter? An illness that no elixir or medicine could cure was in the hands of the gods. "Jiang Chen, do you mean what you say?" Although Eastern Lu was a king, he still felt a bit of apprehension in that moment. After all, he had ordered this fellow to be caned to death. "How would a subject dare lie to Your Majesty?" "Alright! Jiang Chen, any request you make will be granted. All the riches, splendor and power in the Eastern Kingdom shall be yours if you can cure Zhiruo's sickness." Now it was Jiang Feng's turn to be nervous. He was afraid that his son had gotten it in his mind to play games with the king since he had been beaten. If this was the case, they would be in a lot of trouble later on. "Chen'er, your knowledge of medicine is not strong. Many of the esteemed doctors in the royal hospital have been stumped by the princess' illness, yet you speak of it lightly? "Be at peace father. Although your son does not profess deep knowledge of medicine, I believe there should be no room for error given that I have received divine guidance." Eastern Lu spoke hurriedly, "Yes, yes. Jiang Chen feel free to speak your mind. You will be pardoned even if you are wrong, but will be rewarded with endless honors if you can help." Honors? That wasn't important to Jiang Chen. It wasn't as if he would really play this out to the end. Haggling over titles, trumpeting one's abilities, or making various demands – that was the path to death. The Jiang Chen of today understood the idea of the situation being more important than the person. He knew that being as humble as possible now would result in the greatest amount of protection, while wrangling over honors would one, earn the Eastern royal family's enmity and secondly, jealousy from the other dukes. Jiang Chen spoke as he thought of this, "Your humble subject is a criminal and dare not ask for any honors. Your subject will be able to carry out his duties without fear of others only if Your Majesty pardons my crimes." Dukes friendly with Jiang Feng snickered inwardly when they heard Jiang Chen's words. This kid was quite a talker; he handled things even more smoothly than his old man. Pardon Jiang Chen of his crimes, this was something Eastern Lu could easily accomplish with a single word. "Alright, as We stand before our nobles today, We do hereby pardon you of all your crimes. From this moment on, you are still the heir of Jiang Han dukedom, with all your titles and accomplishments unchanged. If anyone brings up the past again, they will have the Eastern royal family to contend with." Eastern Lu's words were quite magnanimous; he had not only pardoned all of Jiang Chen's crimes, but had forbidden anyone from bringing them up again. This was obviously the mark of a generous heart, as the Jiang family could now avoid worrying about these crimes resurfacing in the future. Jiang Chen flashed a dazzling smile accordingly and delivered shocking words, "Actually, Her Highness is not sick." These words stunned all those present. Did Jiang Chen want to die? He dared to say that the princess was not sick after all that hoopla? Why would she be like this if not sick? Eastern Lu had an overwhelming urge to stomp on Jiang Chen's face, but the reasoning of a king told him to be calm, be calm. He had to let this brat finish even if he was full of hot air. "I say, what's with all your expressions? Do you actually want the princess to be sick?" The duke of Tianshui could hold it in no longer, "Brat Jiang, this is making fun of the king. You are asking for death!" Jiang Chen rubbed his nose self consciously and said, "Your Majesty, I've already said that I received divine guidance to shed light on the princess' illness. Someone might anger the gods if they continue to jump up and down and make a fuss here." Under any other circumstances, Eastern Lu would have definitely thought Jiang Chen was full of nonsense about the entire matter. However, he couldn't afford to not believe him at this moment. Firstly, this matter had to do with his beloved daughter's life and secondly, the kid was caned to death, but not really. Even he didn't believe that this wasn't proof of divine intervention. He was well aware of the efficiency of those in charge of carrying out executions, how was it possible to mess up torturing someone to death? Eastern Lu had no choice but to believe in Jiang Chen due to those two points. He sternly commanded, "Duke of Tianshui, you are dismissed." "Your Majesty, this rat is spreading wild rumors..." The Tianshui duke hastily spoke. "Dismissed!" His king was quite angry. The duke of Tianshui backed meekly into the crowd. Despite wanting to bring the Jiang family down a notch, he didn't have the courage to butt heads with his king. "Your Majesty, the divine being is quite angry. He will not speak until the witless person who spoke out of turn slaps himself three times. But the duke of Tianshui is a mighty duke, wouldn't it be difficult for him to slap himself?" "Not to mention considering Your Majesty's dignity and grace, how could you possibly command a duke to slap himself? It seems that it comes down to a matter of if the duke of Tianshui is truly self aware and loyal to the kingdom. If it was me, I would not hesitate to slap myself 30 times, not just a mere three times." The nobles who had come with Eastern Lu started whispering amongst themselves after Jiang Chen had spoken. Some thought Jiang Chen was making it all up, while others thought there was a great deal of truth in the situation. Of course, they weren't the ones who needed to slap themselves. They were all audience members and thus felt no pressure. They cast their eyes as one to the duke of Tianshui in the middle of the crowd. Those around the duke consciously vacated the vicinity and consciously maintained a certain distance from him, highlighting the duke's location. The duke of Tianshui suddenly felt a cold breeze wash over him. He realized with despair in that moment that out of all his peers, not a single person was willing to stand up for him. It was as if the whole world was ostracizing him. Many of the nobles were present because they had accompanied the duke of Tianshui to fuel momentum; they all wanted to take the Jiang family down a notch. But at this moment, who would dare speak up? If someone stood up for the duke of Tianshui, that would mean defying the gods. If they argued with the king instead, that would mean they didn't want the princess to recover. It was at this moment that fatty Xuan mind connected the dots as well. He was always someone who loved creating a ruckus and immediately joined in, "Duke of Tianshui, you're always shooting your mouth off about how if you're ranked number two for fealty and valor out of all the nobles, then no one else would dare claim number one. Now that the moment to prove your loyalty has arrived, you make excuses and avoid doing anything. What's going on here?" "Duke of Tianshui, you waxed eloquent about executing the entire Jiang family clan earlier. Now, no such demands have been made on you, and yet you shrink from merely slapping yourself three times?" Jiang Chen would definitely not let this opportunity pass him by; he tutted as he took another jab at an already downed enemy, "It looks like this so-called fealty and valor that is ranked first under the heavens is just a joke that the duke of Tianshui trotted out to amuse others. Best not to put too much stock in it." The duke of Tianshui had originally come to laugh at the duke of Jiang Han, but who would have thought the tables would turn on him and he'd become the target of everyone's attacks instead? However, the duke of Tianshui was an old hat at these political games and quickly found his footing again. He spoke with a self righteous air, "This old duke would not even furrow his brow if his Majesty commanded me to take my own life, not to mention a mere three slappings. If it would benefit our country and homeland, I would willingly help shoulder part of His Majesty's burden. Little Chen'er, I could easily slap myself three times and disperse some of His Majesty's worries, but if you are playing a game with us, then what?" Indeed, if this brat was just joking, then he'd be making a fool out of all the nobles and the king! Jiang Chen's voice grew colder, "Duke of Tianshui, you can insult me, but you cannot blaspheme against the gods! Your Majesty, this man has not only once, but on multiple occasions, spoken gravely out of turn. The gods are enraged and I am afraid I can no longer help with her Highness' sickness..." Eastern Lu was appalled by these words and inwardly furious. You damn duke of Tianshui, what are you dragging your heels for? If you're that loyal and patriotic, then slap yourself three times already! Make it easy for yourself and find a way out. Must I really command it, and be seen as the king who bullies his subjects? As his thoughts traveled down this path, Eastern Lu grew irate and cocked his eyebrow. The duke of Tianshui was an expert at observing expressions and had spent much time studying the king's emotions. He knew that the king was truly incensed and without any warning, hastily slapped himself eight times. Each slap was heavy handed and resonant, he knew that the harder he slapped himself, the more it would placate his king's anger. His face began to swell up and almost resembled a pig's head after this round of slapping. After that round of slaps, all eyes focused on Jiang Chen again. Jiang Chen said unhurriedly, "You were told to slap yourself three times, what is the meaning of slapping yourself eight times? Feeling mutinous? Are you disgruntled with the will of the gods? Or disloyal to his Majesty? Ah, forget it. You will be grudgingly forgiven this one time regarding this matter." Although he indicated that he would pursue the matter no further, the same couldn't be said for the duke of Tianshui's friends. They could only sit idly by and watch while the duke of Tianshui slapped himself, but they could no longer contain themselves after the slapping had happened. It was alright to stand up for him now, right? His slaps couldn't be in vain, right? A fellow immediately jumped out, "Jiang Chen, how long are you going to keep that act up? The duke of Tianshui has already slapped himself. You will be adding to your list of crimes if you can't offer a full explanation." "Yes, if you can't say anything then you would be misleading the king and mocking the country's nobles. The entire Jiang family clan should be executed in that case." These fellows were definitely cut from the same cloth, they even shared the same mantra of executing someone's entire family clan. On the other hand, Jiang Chen gave a lazy yawn and said carelessly, "Your Majesty, the manifestation of the gods is an exceedingly sacred matter. These fellows can't stop going on about executing an entire family's clans. Are they not afraid of endangering the princess' health if they enrage the gods? Do they want their family's clans to be executed?" Jiang Chen took a few steps forward after he'd finished and and stood in front of the crowd of old fellows, lecturing them in a righteous anger. "All of you make a lot of fuss but have you ever really thought about the princess' illness?" "What has the holy task of curing Her Highness become in your eyes? A tool with which to persecute political enemies and oppress the kindhearted?" "Duke of Tianshui, you keep calling for the execution of the entire Jiang family clan. If I had not had the great fortune to survive and was instead truly caned to death, then how could I have carried this message regarding the princess' sickness to His Majesty? Is your so-called loyalty nothing more than forcing your king to a cliff's edge and ending the princess' life?" "You're awesome, you're powerful, yet which one of you can step forward and tell me what is the matter with Her Highness? You don't have the ability to do so but envy those who can, and even forbid me to relay the message from the gods? And at the heart of it, I only received this divine vision after being nearly caned to death. Was this easy for me? What if the gods are infuriated and thus depart, can you bear the responsibility?" "I have one final question for you, what if the gods are truly angered and require the execution of your family clans in order to save Her Highness? You speak of fealty and valor, would you be willing to erase your family clans in order to ease some of His Majesty's burdens?" Jiang Chen gave voice to a variety of frustrations and took great pleasure in these questions that descended like a barrage of arrows. He used this excuse to wax eloquent and hovered stiflingly over these nobles like black clouds over a city. They were at a loss for words and could only stare in disbelief! Particularly that last question, that one caused each of their expression to drastically shift and shudder in horror and fright. They had originally come to help the duke of Tianshui suppress the Jiang family and kick a defeated enemy when it was down. But now, Tianshui's supporters couldn't find the courage to even if they tried. If this brat really used the will of the gods as an excuse to convince His Majesty to execute their family clans... Considering His Majesty's unconditional love for the princess, it was a legitimate possibility! Jiang Chen had only one thought as he looked at the faces pale with terror around him --- Who knew it would be such a satisfying thing to heckle these morally lacking old guys. Especially since these old geezers actually thought they were something, simply because they held power and prestige. "Alright, alright. Young duke Jiang you've said your piece, and those at fault have punished themselves. The real issue at stake here is the matter of the princess' illness." It was at this moment that a neutral third party stepped forward and smoothed things over. Logically speaking, neutral bystanders were only along for the ride and even less worried about the situation getting out of hand. But things heating up more would not help the king, and the king's heart was very anxious indeed. "The princess' illness?" Jiang Chen paused in surprise. "Who said the princess is sick? Didn't I say earlier that the princess isn't sick?" This again! Eastern Lu raked his gaze over Jiang Feng, causing cold shivers to travel up the latter's neck. He grumbled inside, darn kid, finish your thought and stop talking in cliffhangers. "Your Majesty, your humble subject has one question. When her Highness was born, was it a day of a solar eclipse?" Traces of a calm smile could be found in the curve of Jiang Chen's lips. Eastern Lu inwardly started in shock. How did he know that? Had he really had a dream from the gods? Society regarded the solar eclipse as an unlucky omen. Thus, Eastern Lu had always avoided this topic. "Not only Her Highness, but when the princess' mother was born, the day must have also seen a solar eclipse. This phenomenon had continued for nine generations of girls, and as this heritage continued, yin and yang became out of balance. The body slowly lacked yang, and upon the ninth generation, a body with a yin constitution was born!" When Jiang Chen spoke the words "a body with a yin constitution", he did so with a heavy heart. This had plagued his past life for many, many years. Even his old man the Celestial Emperor could not fully resolve this problem. Therefore, he had felt an immediate kinship born out of shared misery when he saw Eastern Zhiruo, and had immediately diagnosed the source of the problem. It was due to this pain of shared misery that he stopped playing dead, because he saw in the princess a way to settle the Jiang family's current crisis. How else had he offended the royal family, if not by farting during the Rites? And why had the Rites been held? Were they not to obtain blessings for Eastern Zhiruo? If he could solve Eastern Zhiruo's problem, was that not the best way to clean up after his mess? Who would have thought that Eastern Zhiruo would be born with a yin body; these kinds of people were one in hundreds of millions. Who could have foreseen that the wheel of reincarnation had brought Jiang Chen in contact with one. One had to say, fortune was a mysterious thing. Eastern Zhiruo did not have the same birth as the past Jiang Chen, and thus her fortunes were much more unlucky. Without the Celestial Emperor for a father and lacking the Sun Moon dan to prolong her life, her lifespan would naturally be much shorter. She was 13 at the moment and all diagnoses indicated that it would be difficult for Eastern Zhiruo to live past 14. This was why Eastern Lu, a father who loved his daughter more than anything, had held the Rites of Heavenly Worship in order to pray for his daughter. "A body with a yin constitution?" The assembled nobles started whispering to each other. It was apparent that none of them had heard the term before. If it wasn't for the fact that Jiang Chen spoke with such self assurance and specifics, they would have all loudly denounced Jiang Chen as a pathological liar. It took a while for Eastern Lu to recover from his shock. Jiang Chen was at least correct with regards to the solar eclipse. Eastern Zhirou and her mother had both been born under a solar eclipse. At the moment, Eastern Lu became a believer. It would seem that this Jiang kid had truly received guidance from the gods and was conveying their messages. "Is it possible that we have moved the heavens and gods with our sincerity?" Eastern Lu asked in excited agitation, his posture as humble as could be. "Then, Jiang Chen, is it possible to cure this yin constitution?" "A yin constitution itself is not a sickness, it is a disability. If her Highness had never practiced martial dao or attempted to train her qi, then there would be no problem for her to live thirty or fifty years. It was wrong to force her to train, this weakened her already fragile middle qi. Therefore, if there is no outside intervention, then it would be difficult for her Highness to live beyond the age of sixteen." This diagnoses was actually similar to the ones from the royal doctors. After hearing these words, more and more starting wondering, had this Jiang Chen really received divine guidance from above? How else could he talk in such specifics? Eastern Lu hurriedly asked, "Outside intervention? Does this mean that there are still some methods to deal with a yin constitution?" "It's not an illness to begin with, so naturally there are methods. The first step is to halt all martial dao practice, and to discontinue taking the pills that improve the body's inner energy passages, the meridians. Otherwise, even if divine intervention happens, we would not be able to do much in half a year." These words caused Eastern Lu's heart to race as he felt that he had narrowly escaped death. He had always thought that Eastern Zhiruo had a weak body and thus had been a strong champion of her training. Even if she did not succeed in her training, it would not be a bad thing to strengthen her body. But who would have known that the training would completely backfire, and those pills would become fatal poison. "What should we do next?" It was as if Eastern Lu had become a devout, knowledge seeking student as he asked in disgrace. "Pardon my candor, the princess will never be able to train in this life. A body with a yin constitution does not live long. The most pressing issue is to prolong her life. This process will be lengthy as there is no quick fix. If your Majesty trusts your humble subject, then please give the princess' life into my keeping. If your Majesty does not trust me, then please give the orders to haul me off to the dungeons..." "Speak not this way minister Jiang. It is as if the sun has broken through clouds and we have been enlightened after we have spoken with you. Zhiruo's matters are in your hands now. Whatever you ask for will be granted. In addition, we are granting you the royal engraved dragon medallion. You can freely enter and exit the palace with this token, and do not have to kowtow when you see our royal presence." Eastern Lu was definitely the ruler of a kingdom. No ordinary person could match up to his generosity and shrewdness. He had been calling for Jiang Chen's head a second ago, but had awarded the engraved dragon medallion the next. Jiang Chen would not even have to bow when he saw his liege, this was an honor that not even the three excellencies in the palace enjoyed. The duke of Tianshui desperately wished a hole in the ground would swallow him up. Although the king had not deliberately caused him to lose face; but to reward Jiang Chen so richly was worse than slapping the duke across the face. What did it mean to receive the engraved dragon medallion from the supreme ruler of a kingdom? This meant Jiang Chen could freely enter and exit the palace. If this kid really did cure the princess, then he would be the king's favorite and harbinger of fortune. He would enjoy the king's love and goodwill. Who in the kingdom wouldn't treat him with all due respect then? Jiang Chen merely went along with the situation and the assembled crowd's expectations when he genuflected and accepted the engraved dragon medallion. To be honest, as the venerated son of the Celestial Emperor in his past life, he really could not bring himself to bend his knee to a common king. He naturally would not decline something that waived the need to kowtow to a king. And of course, one had to make some sort of statement when one had accepted such a gift. He slapped his chest and proclaimed, "Your Majesty, your humble subject does not make empty boasts. I will say only this, if any accident befalls her Highness due to my incompetency in curing her, then your humble subject will join the princess in death." There existed many beautiful words and sentences to express loyalty, but none were more straightforward than that sentence. Can't cure her? Then I'll die with her! This was a grand gesture that involved the lives of one's own family! Out of all the nobles under heaven, who would have this kind of spirit; this amount of loyalty? In that moment, even Jiang Chen was almost moved by his mesmerizing performance. A performance that could touch even the performer's heart naturally conquered others. The nobles and high ranking officials who had accompanied Eastern Lu were also secretly surprised. Who would have thought the heir of Jiang Han would have such spirit. Like father, like son. A tiger father would not beget a dog son. Even the crowd with the duke of Tianshui felt that, if their positions were reversed, they would not have this strength of character. Jiang Chen's performance was not yet over. He continued, "Your Majesty, the gods have further guidance. The events of today must remain a secret, with not a single word leaking out. This is to firstly avoid dishonoring the gods, and secondly to preserve your Majesty's reputation." If word got out, the comical events of tonight might actually harm Eastern Lu's reputation. After all, watching his duke slap himself was not exactly a dignified thing to witness. And of course, the most important thing was to avoid dishonoring the gods. If someone leaked the secret and angered the gods, who in turn blamed it on Eastern Zhiruo, then the situation would be very grave indeed. Eastern Lu commanded without hesitation, "Not a single word regarding the events of today shall be discussed after leaving this room. Whoever does so defies the Eastern royal family!" It was a good thing not that many people were present. Excluding those associated with the duke of Jiang Han, those who had accompanied the king numbered only six or seven. They were all crafty foxes in politics and knew that the king was deadly serious. If even a hint of this matter got out, then all of their lives would be at stake. And not to mention that their performance today wasn't exactly the most ideal; their reputations would suffer along with the king's if any gossip circulated. Jiang Chen scaring the nobles silly in the name of the gods, like a fox borrowing a tiger's fierceness, primarily had to do with his desire to stay under the radar. He didn't want the people of this country to view him as a freak of nature if this got out! Eastern Lu was quite touched and spoke a rare sentence filled with emotion as he grasped Jiang Feng's hand, "Duke of Jiang Han, your loyalty and your son's fealty are greatly moving." Jiang Feng could only smile wryly. His son had courage enough for two people, and had, fortunately, handled the situation beautifully. If he protested otherwise, he would be creating needless trouble. He could only nag inwardly. "You darn kid, you're having a ball of a time. You had better not mess it up. Ah whatever, you're my son after all. If it all goes south, your old man will step in and take the hits for you no matter how bad things get." Jiang Feng's mental state had calmed down quite a bit after the emotional and situational rollercoaster he had just been on. They said that a long suffering patient becomes a doctor for that ailment. The past Jiang Chen had been plagued by his yin constitution since birth, and thus had naturally committed quite a bit of study in this area. Of course, with his current circumstances, it would be more than impossible to refine a Sun Moon pill like his past father had. It would be idiotic nonsense to even think of doing so. The Sun Moon pill was a medicine that violated the course of nature in granting the user more life. Even the Celestial Emperor had exhausted his spiritual energy and sacrificed some years of his life in order to successfully refine one. It was possible that not even one of the ingredients needed to refine the Sun Moon pill existed in this world. Even if they did, there was absolutely no way anyone could expend the level of resources that the Celestial Emperor had to create the pill. So the Sun Moon pill was out of the question, but medicines imitating the effects of the Sun Moon pill existed. Even if they could only offer one ten thousandth of what the Sun Moon pill could do, it was enough to prolong someone's life by a hundred years. Remember, the past Jiang Chen had taken the Sun Moon pill and lived millions of years. He was nigh well immortal if it hadn't been for the cataclysm. With Eastern Zhiruo's situation, there was no way she could live millions of years; even if the Celestial Emperor came back from the dead. But to help her live another eighty or a hundred years...that Jiang Chen could do, and in more ways than one. However, Jiang Chen had no intention of doing that in one fell swoop. If he quickly resolved Eastern Zhiruo's problem with minimal effort, then Eastern Lu's gratitude would fade away just as easily. The hearts and minds of kings and emperors were constantly and easily changed. Long term peaceful coexistence never followed short term gratefulness. Jiang Chen needed time, and given enough time, he wouldn't even deign to worry about the mere ruler of a common kingdom. Thus, he decided to go slow and steady. After all, the only thing he needed to accomplish was to prolong the princess' life. This way, not only would he win the extra time he needed, but also gain an invisible layer of protection as well. Anyone who wanted to create trouble for her Highness' exclusive royal physician needed to first decide if they could afford the consequences of the king's wrath. Jiang Chen held many profound and flowery conversations with the visitors before finally agreeing to treat the princess in three days. Only then did the crowd of people leave. But then it was fatty Xuan who drifted closer with a mournful face, "Brother Chen you are too cruel. You should have given your brother a hint. That illustrated version of the Carnal Prayer Mat was the last of its kind, and now it's gone up in flames. What am I going to do during those long and lonely nights now?" "And that note for ten thousand silvers, that was an authentic..." "Damn fatty, you dare say that note was authentic?" Jiang Chen watched the morally lacking fatty with a smile playing around his lips. The fatty laughed and scratched his head, "I wasn't done yet. That was an authentic Hall of the Nine Underworlds production, I spent a solid five silvers on it." Hall of the Nine Underworlds was a time honored store that specialized in printing paper money to burn for the dead. The fatty's face jiggled twice in pain when he spoke of the five silvers. All fatties were quite miserly, asking them to take money out of their pockets was as painful as bleeding for them. "Brother Chen, I can put the note for ten thousand silvers behind us. But that copy of Carnal Prayer Mat was really the last..." "Put it behind us? I'd forgotten before you brought it up. Damn fatty, when are you going to return that ten thousand silvers you borrowed?" Jiang Chen laughed as he spoke. "Eh? Brother Chen what's that you say? You were too convincing when you were playing dead, I completely believed you. I cried too hard because I was heartbroken and injured my eardrums. I can't hear very well now. No no this will not do, I need to go find a doctor. Brother Chen, rest up and I'll be back to see you...." Fatty had already slipped out the door before his last sentence was delivered. In addition to Xuan fatty, Hubing Yue and Yang Zong were steadfast friends with Jiang Chen. Seeing that fatty Xuan had fled, Hubing Yue spoke briefly with Jiang Chen and took his leave as well. Yang Zong had wanted to offer an explanation, but said nothing in the end after Jiang Chen clapped his shoulder. He left as well. When all had left, only the Jiang father and son were left in the hall. Jiang Feng drew his sword without a word. Brilliantly cold light flashed with a shake of his wrist, and the ebony coffin occupying the center of the hall promptly splintered away into wood fragments. "Come, someone clean up and take that away to be burned. Clear out this unlucky air!" Mere words could not describe how elated Jiang Feng was to regain a son he thought he'd lost. On the other hand, Jiang Chen looked at his father with a small smile, "Father, do you not have anything to ask me?" "Hahaha," Jiang Feng laughed heartily and patted Jiang Chen's shoulder. "You are my son, I will deal with the consequences no matter what you do!" That left Jiang Chen speechless. This dad was seriously lacking in principles. But one had to know that the prior Jiang Chen in this body was as close to an incorrigible rascal as one could get. If he had really died, then only one line needed to be written for his epitaph: Here lies a noble who did everything but his duty. A small mishap every three days, a large calamity every five days. Jiang Feng had almost forgotten how many times he'd cleaned up after his son. Of course, that wasn't to say that this kid didn't have any positive traits about him. At least he was loyal and had that smallest amount of dependability. Otherwise he wouldn't have a crew of fellow ne'er-do-wells around him calling him their leader. To sum up, it would have been difficult to find something positive to say about Jiang Chen. It would have been easier to find a needle in a haystack. But to identify some of his cons... those were numerous and easy to pinpoint. It would have been fine for the privileged children of noble households to have some character flaws. But this kid's greatest failing was that he was extremely lazy about training! "Ai, what a fellow who didn't value what he had," Jiang Chen had to admit that much when he had finished sorting through the previous fellow's memories. That Jiang Chen had truly been a bit of a lost cause. An unconditionally supportive old man, and not too shabby potential. He had been born with a gold spoon in his mouth in the Eastern Kingdom. But amongst his peers, this fellow had fallen to the last in his class. As the heir to each respective dukedom, they could not take up residence within the kingdom's capital. They should have actually been in their own territory. The heirs and rulers of each dukedom had gathered in order to participate in the vicennial Hidden Dragon Trials. There were 108 dukedoms in the Eastern Kingdom, but the rulers of these dukedoms were not carved in stone. The Hidden Dragon Trials that took place every twenty years were a test for the designated heirs. Only if the heir successfully passed the Hidden Dragon Trials was he allowed to retain command over the family's dukedom, territory and heritage. If he failed, the family would have to relinquish command, have their lands seized and their title revoked. They would revert to being a wealthy family with no power or prestige. If they became a family with no might or clout, then their collapse and eventual demise would be very likely. Just as monkeys scatter when a tree falls, it would be a foregone conclusion that their influence would be diminished, and that people would abandon the family. After all, losing the dukedom meant that the family had lost all trappings of power and many sources of income. The family would have to subsist on their savings, and that was not enough to feed an army of underlings and guards. The royal family would also not allow those who had lost their dukedoms to thrive and grow stronger than the current dukes. The Hidden Dragon Trials were quite lengthy as they spanned over three years. At the end of the three years, a ceremony of inheritance would be held in the capital for the heirs who had successfully passed the tests. This meant that the power of a duchy and its lands were retained for another twenty years. And after twenty years, a representative from the new generation must be sent to participate in the Hidden Dragon Trials. The purpose of the Hidden Dragon Trials was to ensure that each dukedom maintained a situation of cultivating a plethora of talents, and to avoid halts on the path of self-improvement. If you couldn't pass, then you lost the family's dukedom. These were the rules of survival in this world. Simple. Direct. Brutal. Violent! The Jiang duke's household was in dire straits in the face of such brutal competition. There was only half a year left until the Hidden Dragon Trials, and the previous Jiang Chen's performance could only be summed up with one word, "disastrous". There were numerous examinations that needed to be completed prior to the trials, but quite a few hadn't even been started. Even without the incident at the Rites of Heavenly Worship, Jiang Chen only had a thirty to forty percent chance of passing the trials. He was one of the hot contenders for family demotion. However, the Jiang Chen now was not disheartened at all. In fact, he was rather excited. "The strong reign supreme. It seems that this rule of survival applies from those in higher positions to the common masses down below with no exception. I could not train in my past life and thus did not have the opportunity to experience this, but now that I'm living in the most glorious years of life, I cannot miss this!" In his past life, he held the exalted position of the son of the Celestial Emperor. No one dared offend him. However, his yin constitution prevented him from training. It was impossible to even consider concealing his identity and engaging others in combat incognito. In this life, he could finally train to his heart's content and relish in the glories of ascending to the peak of the martial way. This was the stage he enjoyed! "Since I've promised Eastern Lu that I will enter the palace in three days to diagnose the princess, I need to make good use of these three days, not to mention my current identity as one of the candidates for the Hidden Dragon Trials. There's still six months until the final examinations for the Trials. As the heir to Jiang Han dukedom, even though the position of duke doesn't mean much, I should at least gain some face for that 'cute' old dad of mine, shouldn't I? I can't let old dad lose something like the dukedom." As he organized his thoughts, Jiang Chen realized that time was of the essence. One had to give it to them, the people who had carried out the caning sure knew their stuff. Forget about the past Jiang Chen, even practitioners who were twice as strong would be hard pressed to survive that ordeal. His misfortune was this Jiang Chen's good fortune and new body, but this body was quite severely injured. If he didn't get a grip on his injuries, forget about entering the palace in three days to cure the princess, he would miss even the Trials' small test at the end of the month. The Hidden Dragon Trials held a small test every month and all the scores were cumulative. A lot of homework would descend if one missed the test in one month. The prior Jiang Chen already owed a ton of homework. If this continued, he would probably be failed out of the Trials before the final examinations. This was exactly what Jiang Chen didn't want to happen. In his past life, as the son of the Celestial Emperor, he had spent millions of years researching and refining dao of alchemy. Although he was utterly worthless for martial cultivation, he was a renowned alchemy master in the world of alchemy. Many alchemy masters had solicited his teachings in the dao of alchemy. If this was his past life, any random pill would enable him to fully recover and be roaring with vitality. But that was his past life, there was no way that this life could measure up to that. It was a good thing that Jiang Chen had been in charge of the Tianlang Library for millions of years and read countless scrolls and books. His knowledge knew no bounds, spanning from common sense to the ways of the gods themselves. Handling these types of injuries was a small thing. After a night of rest, Jiang Chen thought briefly the next morning, took out his brush and ink, and wrote out a list. "Jiang Zheng!" He yelled towards the door. The duke of Jiang Hang had appointed Jiang Zheng to be Jiang Chen's personal steward, in charge of taking care of Jiang Chen's day to day life and fulfilling his daily needs. Jiang Zheng had received his due share of tongue lashings for the incident at the Autumn Crane. He had been on tenterhooks all night long. They said that a servant would rather die than see his master humiliated, so by all accounts, Jiang Zheng should have died for neglecting his duties. But he just couldn't bring himself to accept that fact. He had been quite diligent in serving this young master, but the young duke just really wouldn't shape up. The servants and butlers of other dukedoms lived a good life whilst serving their masters, eating and drinking only the best and being feted wherever they went. But Jiang Zheng's master was an odd one, alternating between whiling the time away one day and throwing out crazy ideas the next. To top it off, this young master always told Jiang Zheng to take the blame if anything went south. Therefore, he had put out his fair share of fires and taken quite a bit of blame in the days that he had served Jiang Chen. Not only did Jiang Zheng feel a decided lack of increased status with his awarded position, but he rather felt that he was being worked to death. Say for instance, money. This young master spent money as easily as breathing. If a friend were to get into a sticky situation today, he'd make it right with money. If another brother stirred up troubled tomorrow, he would again put it to rest with money. Although the duke of Jiang Han was generous with his money, he could not keep up with the pace of the young master's spending. It was only mid month, yet the entire month's allowance had already been spent! Thus, Jiang Zheng now only wanted to be left alone and count his blessings if it was peaceful and quiet. His head started to hurt as soon as he heard Jiang Chen's voice. But he couldn't refuse his master's call. "Young duke, your servant is incompetent and did not take care of you. Please punish your servant severely. Even if you withdrew your servant's job, your servant would not breath a single ill world." Jiang Zheng immediately fell to the floor in a bow as soon as he entered. The fluff of "incompetence" and "please punish severely" were just empty words. The duke of Jiang Han was not pursuing the matter further, which meant Jiang Zheng had successfully absolved all responsibility. Even though this young duke was a good for naught and had no desire to advance in life, he didn't have the bad habit of being cruel towards his underlings. If it was the previous Jiang Chen, he most likely would not have discerned the true meaning behind Jiang Zheng's words. But the Jiang Chen of today had experienced millions of years, had a good grasp of most matters, and was well versed in social dynamics. A song's meaning could be gleaned from its melody. One could tell that steward Jiang Zheng had suffered too much at the hands of the previous Jiang Chen, and wanted to throw it all down and quit. Jiang Chen didn't reveal the steward's intention and chuckled, "Jiang Zheng ah, my father had meant to award you riches and honor when he appointed you to me. Alas, you enjoyed no riches and honor during this time and have toiled ceaselessly to clean up after me and put out fires. I have noted your loyal service." Jiang Zheng stared dazedly, what direction was the wind blowing in from today? Where did the young duke learn these words of comfort and warmth? "Jiang Zheng, we've already run out of this month's allowance, right?" Jiang Chen did not wait for Jiang Zheng to respond and asked with a smile that, at the same time didn't seem to be a smile. "Eh... um..." Jiang Zheng had never enjoyed such a thoughtful conversation and didn't know how to respond. He almost wanted to beat his chest and promise, don't worry about this young duke! I, Jiang Zheng, will find a way. But a thought struck him, wait a second! If I make this promise, where on earth am I going to find money to fill this hole? The young duke's mouth is as sweet as sugar today, is this a new prank he's playing on me? Jiang Zheng's guard came up in the span of a second and his wariness increased tenfold. Jiang Chen gave a loud laugh upon seeing Jiang Zheng hesitate with lingering fear, "Jiang Zheng, this is the situation. I have a list here with some medicinal ingredients on it. Go obtain a dosage for me from the Hall of Healing according to the amounts listed." Jiang Zheng dumbly accepted the list but didn't move. He had the list alright, but what about the money? The ingredients at the Hall of Healing weren't free now, were they? It's not like your family owned the Hall of Healing. "Jiang Zheng, pretend that we aren't master and servant, but just two friends casually chatting. As a steward yourself, at what level of experience and accomplishment would you say makes for an ideal steward? Or how about, what makes someone the best steward to you?" Best steward? Forget about being the best, Jiang Zheng wanted to cry. Out of all the body servants to the 108 dukes, Jiang Zheng would be enormously happy if he wasn't ranked last. "Why the long face, tell me what you're thinking," Jiang Chen encouraged. Jiang Zheng paused, swallowed and gathered his courage. "Do you really want me to say?" "Speak. You will be rewarded if you speak well!" Having been rewarded with too many bounced checks before, Jiang Zheng didn't dare put any stock in the thought of a reward. Jiang Chen actually handed out rewards quite often, but even more frequently did something like rewarding you with a thousand silver one second, but borrowing two thousand off you the next. But the mention of the best, the most admired and the most ideal stewards caused Jiang Zheng's thoughts to race. Frankly speaking, even though followers of the noble and powerful were not themselves noble or powerful, they still had dreams and career aspirations. Some had even written it into a limerick... Jiang Zheng drew courage from who knew where upon seeing Jiang Chen's serious expression and said, "Young duke, some limericks are quite popular in the capital. They describe people in jobs like mine." "Oh? Tell me about it." Jiang Chen grew curious. "The limerick goes -- Delicacies from land and sea, dressed in fine attire and riding well groomed horses, a manor and surrounding lands, home filled with gold and silver. Conversing with the powerful, befriending the noble, wives coexisting in harmony, doting on sons and grandchildren. Regulars at the Autumn Crane, financier of the Garden of Returning Spring, whoring with dukes and princes, drinking at the same table with esteemed officials..." Jiang Chen applauded in hearty laughter as Jiang Zheng recited around four stanzas in one go. "Not bad, not bad. Quite interesting. Garden of the Returning Spring, that must be a land of temptation?" Jiang Zheng joined his master in laughter but was secretly full of disdain. It's not like you haven't been to those places, what are you acting all innocent for! "Jiang Zheng, I have observed you for a period of time and have confidence in your abilities. Now, if you can complete this mission, and it won't take long, I will fulfill the dreams of wealth and honor you've had during this time. At that time, you will surely feel you are the most successful, most successful steward!" "Mission? What mission?" Jiang Zheng gave a start. His first thought was that he had to be on his guard as this young master had something up his sleeve again. "Why, the list in your hand of course. Take good care of it, it's a treasure that money can't buy. Take it to the Hall of Healing and ask to speak to the person in charge." "What do I want with the person in charge? I can ask anyone in the Hall to grab these ingredients for me. The person in charge of the Hall of Healing is an arrogant, stuck up type. It's not easy to get a meeting with him." Jiang Zheng growled in a low, muffled voice. "Heh heh, just do as I say. If the person in charge won't see you, just tell them that they'll surely regret it later. Even if they cling to your legs and beg you in the future, they will only taste the bitterness of regret." Jiang Zheng almost wanted to feel the young duke's forehead. Was the young duke burning up with a fever of idiocy because of his caning? Was he sleep talking? Jiang Zheng was well acquainted with how high the minimum requirements were and how arrogant those at the Hall of Healing were. He was reminded every time he went to obtain medicine for his master. The people there simply didn't have the time to waste in idle chatter. "Jiang Zheng, you must be inwardly cursing my name, thinking that I'm talking nonsense. You must think that I'm sending you on a fool's errand by telling you to fetch medicine ingredients without giving you the silver to do so. Let me tell you something, the list you hold in your hands is no ordinary list. It's a pill recipe that has been lost since ancient times. Even ten million silver would not be enough to purchase this recipe at an auction house." "Pill recipe?" Jiang Zheng's face morphed into a smile that was uglier than crying. "Young duke, please don't laugh at your humble servant's expense. Since when did our Jiang family possess an ancient pill remedy? Do you feel that your humble servant has not yet reached the limits of his emotional capacity and wish for him to know how it feels to be driven into a corner?" Jiang Zheng laughed until his eyes were red. He really was about to cry. Jiang Zheng seriously wanted to break down when faced with such a master. This month's allowance had already run out, and the ingredients on this list were impossible to obtain without ten thousand silver. To use this single list and demand ten million silver in exchange -- was this not a sign of sheer insanity? "Go ahead, cry! A man crying is not a crime!" Jiang Chen chuckled, "But what if I were to tell you that this list came from the gods? Would you still think that I was crazy?" "I'm treating the princess' sickness? Do you also think I'm crazy?" "Even if I were crazy, would I drag my father, my entire family into this? I may be a good for nothing, but I'm not that completely brainless, am I?" Jiang Zheng was dumbfounded by the questions that flew like a hail of arrows. It was true, although this master had committed his fair share of ridiculous acts, he wouldn't go so far as to bring down the entire Jiang family, would he now? Was it possible that the bit about a message from the gods was actually true? "Jiang Zheng, I can truthfully tell you that we will not sell the list in your hand for all the silver in the world. You tell the person in charge of the Hall of Healing that they aren't the only pharmacy in the Eastern Kingdom. If they don't want it, then the Temple of the Farmer God or the Pill King Garden would break their heads to obtain it. They'll drown in their own regret when the Hall of Healing is surpassed by others. As soon as pill goes into production, all the medicines out on the market will be taken off the shelves and dumped into the trash. They'll be worthless!" Jiang Chen gestured as he said this firmly with utmost confidence. He wasn't simply sprouting hogwash. Jiang Chen had already filtered through all the pill recipes in his mind an endless number of times, eliminated all the holy and divine level pill recipes and finally settled on one that wasn't too out of the ordinary, but definitely quite rare. And the most important thing was, given Eastern Kingdom's level of medicine, the ingredients that this recipe needed weren't outside their tolerance range. Seeing as Jiang Zheng still wore a skeptical expression, Jiang Chen really wanted to storm over and stomp the man a few times. Like it was that easy for the wonderful me to select such a recipe! One had to know that in his past life, Jiang Chen couldn't train because of his yin constitution. Therefore, in the millions of years as caretaker of the Tianlang Library, his greatest hobby was to pursue the dao of alchemy. One could say that those millions of years had seen him ascend to the pinnacle of the dao of alchemy, on the same standing as those undying alchemy legends who were renowned throughout the lands. For the past Jiang Chen, finding a pill recipe was as easy as eating and drinking. But -- For a small place like the Eastern Kingdom, a pill recipe that was too sophisticated might as well have been written in archaic hieroglyphics; no one would be able to understand it. He didn't even want to waste brainpower on recipes that were too basic or pointless. He had expended a considerable amount of thought and effort into picking this particular one out of a list of common pill recipes. But Jiang Chen firmly believed that if dropped into a place like the Eastern Kingdom, the recipe would still shock people to the core. At the end of the day, Jiang Zheng still set on his way. It wasn't like he had been convinced by Jiang Chen, he earnestly told himself along the way. As much of a layabout the young master was, he wouldn't make a joke out of the princess' illness or gamble with the lives of the entire family. So, he resolutely tried to convince himself that maybe the gods did look upon the young master with favor, and maybe he did obtain a priceless pill recipe as a result. Although he was still quite skeptical, especially after recalling the crazy antics that Jiang Chen would normally engage in, Jiang Zheng really had no choice. Even though he knew this was ridiculous beyond belief, he still had to gird up his loins and give it a try. Otherwise, although he could manage, by the skin of his teeth, to scrape enough money together and buy all the listed ingredients, he would go home to a different kind of disaster when he faced his wife. "Ai, they say that to be a young duke's steward is something to crow and strut around about, but why do I feel that my days have been so aggrieved?" He tragically wiped away at the corners of his eyes and walked listlessly to the Hall of Healing. "If it really comes down to it, I'll just let them mock and jeer at me for a while. It wouldn't be the first time anyways." Jiang Zheng felt a bit better after this thought struck him. The Hall of Healing was a famed, influential power in the imperial city. Its very buildings were picturesque boardwalk. When Jiang Zheng made it to the front steps of the Hall of Healing, he felt that both his legs were going numb. A sense of fear started growing in his heart as he thought about the haughty attitude and disdaining tones of the associates at the Hall of Healing. "Uh... that... um... I need some medicine ingredients!" Jiang Zheng gathered up his courage multiple times before finally making it through the front door and to the counter. The associates at the Hall of Healing were all professionally trained before starting work. The first skill that was trained was the ability to remember faces. Which faces needed to be fawned on, which needed to be flattered, which faces were enough with a normal attitude, and which the associates could be a dick to. Jiang Zheng's face was an unfamiliar one, and thus was naturally someone who the associates could be a dick to. "Ahem. Sir, buying medicine ingredients is fine. But let's talk about the rules first. The Hall does not do business on credit, ingredients and money need to both be fully paid out." Jiang Zheng hurriedly said, "Cash, I have cash." The associate glanced at the list and flicked some beads on an abacus. "Eight types of spirit level ingredients in total, 9,800 silver according to the ingredients weight. Same as usual, pay first, then you get the ingredients." Jiang Zheng flushed and coughed fakely twice. He lightly knocked on the counter and say, "Eh, erm, uh, I want to speak to the person in charge." "What?" The associate's face darkened. "No money? How dare you ask for ingredients with no money?" "You want to speak to the person in charge? Do you know how busy the head of the Hall is? Each of his minutes is worth tens of thousands of silver, how would he have time for you? Can you bear the responsibility and costs of wasting their time?" "Go out the door and take a right. Read the Hall's rules. Is is that easy to speak to the head? Are you a prince or minister, or an esteemed duke? "If you want your ingredients then pay up, if not then get out of my way and don't disturb us from doing business." The associate flapped his hands with an impatient expression on his face, his spittle almost spraying Jiang Zheng's face. The level of apparent distaste was the same as if the associate was shooing away an annoying fly. It wasn't as if Jiang Zheng hadn't received his fair share of contempt and derision at the Hall of Healing before. It wasn't as if he was someone who couldn't take that kind of treatment. The truth was, he had endured far too much during this time! Did they really have to be such snobs? Really have to be such dicks? Jiang Zheng could bear it no longer, this associate's particular attitude was the straw that broke the camel's back, he erupted -- A metallic token of sorts was slapped hard onto the counter. Jiang Zheng gave the associate a resounding slap across the face, "Open your worthless eyes and take a good look at what this is!" "The person in charge is worth ten thousand silver is a minute? Would I have deigned to let you know that I'm worth several million silver a minute?" "How dare you delay my business, I can make your Hall of Healing close up shop! Do your parents know how you're such a wonderful, such an all powerful employee? Does your head know?" The associate was seeing stars from the force of that slap. He held his face, disbelief writ plain in his eyes. This was the Hall of Healing! One of the most prominent places in the entire imperial capital! In an ordinary day of work, even noble and powerful families had to be restrained, polite and accommodating when they came here. But today, he had been hit! And by someone who was dressed very plainly, someone who was obviously not the servant of a noble and powerful family! Was the sky caving in? He immediately screamed like a pig being slaughtered, "Someone's come to cause trouble in the Hall, he's beating people up!" A crowd of fully armored warriors bristling with weaponry rushed out immediately as soon as the scream like a pig being slaughtered sounded out. Someone who seemed to hold a position of authority also walked out from the back. He was about to thunder into a rage at the sight of the plainly dressed, ordinary looking instigator when the shiny engraved dragon medallion on the counter caught his eye. His expression immediately changed drastically. "Administrator He, that's the dog of a slave who dared to hit me. This wasn't a beating just for me, but also one aimed towards the hallowed name of the Hall of Healing!" The associate who had been beaten immediately tattled like a child seeing their parents when he saw a familiar face. As soon as he'd finished -- A cleaner, crueler slap landed nicely on his cheek. That slap flung him a few meters away from the counter. But this time, it was administrator He who had slapped the associate. "You worthless thing, did your eyes grow on your butt? How dare you retort against an esteemed guest? It was a well deserved slap, you'd deserve it if you were beaten to death!" Having rebuked the associate, administrator He's menacing expression morphed into a face wreathed with smiles, as if spring had returned to the earth. "Sir, my underlings were blind and have offended your noble self." He turned his head to yell gruffly at the warriors, "What the hell are you all doing? Sitting around watching the paint peel? Scram!" These warriors were plainly under the command of administrator He as they about faced and marched away after receiving their orders. Jiang Zheng hadn't expected this turn of events. He'd actually briefly lost his rationality just now and had erupted under the strain and goading. To be honest, the young master had given him this gold medallion. He didn't even know what it was, just that the young master had said it may come in handy. He had nothing to lose and everything to gain when he tried it. Who knew, it really did come in handy! It was curiously useful! ...no shit it would come in handy! The king's engraved dragon medallion was the highest level token that could be awarded. How could it not be useful? One could behave with impunity in the Eastern Kingdom with this in hand! "May I learn your noble name? Please, come this way. My underlings were idiots, please allow your humble servant to express his apologies." Jiang Zheng hadn't lived under a rock his whole life. He knew that it was due to the gold medallion that the person in front of him was falling over himself to please Jiang Zheng. Damn, it felt good! Good feelings aside, Jiang Zheng didn't lose his composure. He had fully grasped the situation by now. "It was originally just a small thing, but your associate... sigh. I will speak no more. Since the Hall of Healing does not welcome me, then I shall try my luck at the Temple of the Farmer God or the Pill King Garden. Perhaps the people there will treat me like a human being?" Administrator He shuddered inwardly upon hearing those words. It was obvious that this esteemed guest was still seething. He surreptitiously checked out Jiang Zheng, but couldn't find any clues. He was dressed plainly and didn't look like a preeminent noble. Unless, this esteemed guest had changed his attire on purpose? What a strategy, he is quite a character indeed. Administrator He was at a loss as he couldn't get a read on the situation. Administrator He's thoughts drifted to the medallion upon seeing Jiang Zheng really preparing to leave. How would he dare let Jiang Zheng leave? The mysterious all powerful medallion holder was sure to make trouble for the Hall of Healing! Although the Hall didn't fear trouble knocking on its doors, it wished to avoid offending this level of character if possible! "Please sir, hold your steps. My hall's third hallmaster and several elders happen to be in residence. You are a noble and esteemed guest, I shall immediately notify the hallmaster and elders. Even if you have later appointments, please allow my hall to serve you a cup of tea in apology." Unlike ordinary associates, Deacon He was a man experienced in the ways of life. He was flexible and adaptable, and had a knack of handling things properly. Jiang Zheng's motion of leaving was actually a fake move. To be honest, he felt beyond damn good. This was the first time he had felt this way since he had become the young duke's steward. Pride and elation! During previous times, even mere associates in the Hall of Healing were high and mighty dicks, not to mention leader type folks. None of them had a civil word for him. But today, this administrator He had to call himself "little He" before him, Jiang Zheng! Regardless of whether or not he could become the best steward in the future, at least he felt really damn good and really strong today! Suddenly, Jiang Zheng felt an unexpected bit of confidence in his household's young duke. One had to say, the engraved dragon medallion held quite a bit of influence. Whether it was the Hall of Healing's third hallmaster, or its elders, none of them dared to slight a holder of the dragon medallion. It wasn't that they didn't dare to insult such a character; it was more that they didn't wish to. Jiang Zheng was swiftly invited inside. Apart from the third hallmaster, there was a male and a female elder present as well, fully demonstrating the depths of the Hall's sincerity. It wasn't the first time that Jiang Zheng had come to the Hall of Healing. The highest ranked person he'd seen before was an administrator, and that was only in passing. He hadn't even had the opportunity to start a conversation. But, today, a hallmaster and two elders were standing in front of him and treating him as an honored guest. Wasn't this a drastic change in fortunes? Jiang Zheng felt really damn good inside, but didn't let it go to his head. He resolutely told himself to calm down and to avoid showing fear. He knew that these folks were not giving him face, but the medallion instead. Since he had the medallion up his sleeve, what did he have to fear? One had to give it to him, Jiang Zheng was something else alright. The three hallmaster still couldn't get a read on him after three rounds of tea. He chuckled and said, "This noble sir carries a medallion granted by the king himself. Sir must be an uncommon individual. May we glean a bit of your purpose here today?" Granted by the king himself? Jiang Zheng almost flung the teacup from his hand in fright. When Jiang Chen had given him this medallion, he'd only said that it would be useful, but hadn't breathed a hint that it had been bestowed by the king himself. He finally understood why the Hall of Healing was being so polite. "To be honest, it wasn't any major thing. I had come to obtain some medicine ingredients, and to discuss a bit of business with your Hall." Buying medicine ingredients was a small thing in the eyes of the hallmaster and elders, something they wouldn't inquire further about. They were much more interested in that 'spot of business.' "May we know what business this might be?" The hallmaster inquired noncommittally. He wouldn't rashly agree to something before gaining a full understanding of this stranger's background. "I have a pill recipe here, one that has been lost since ancient times." Jiang Zheng didn't bother with small talk and cut straight to the chase. "I won't sell this recipe, only share the profits. 50/50: you're in charge of the medicine ingredients, I'll just hold ownership." Holding ownership and asking for a 50/50 split, this was asking for a lot. Even if it was an exclusive pill recipe, it wasn't as if the Hall of Healing had never seen it before. This fellow was really demanding far too much. A 50/50 split, this was sheer robbery! "Heh, the Hall has seen our share of pill recipe trade before. We've always bought out the previous owner, and have no precedent for sharing profits. And not to mention the fact that we bear the costs. This 50/50 split is... it really is... Let's put it this way: May I take a look at the recipe first?" The third hallmaster didn't shut down negotiations, but it was obvious that he wasn't too enthused. As for perusing the recipe, he did so out of a sense of professional courtesy. "You can took a look alright, I'm just afraid you won't be able to understand it. Ah whatever, you can have a look. I have the refining method anyway, and I've left out some of the most important ingredients. Feel free to go through it, but don't even think about stealing it." Jiang Zheng generously flung out the list and spoke with a careless, indifferent manner. He was as serene as a mountain. It was obvious to see that he was fully comfortable with the situation by now and was interacting with the Hall's authority figures with ease. The third hallmaster took the recipe, cast a glance and slightly creased his brow. How was this a pill recipe that had been lost for ages? A regular piece of paper, ordinary handwriting... his first impression was that this was a scam. If you wanted to counterfeit an ancient pill recipe, at least find a yellowed piece of paper and write in sagacious calligraphy. What the heck was this? This counterfeit seriously lacked effort. Did he intend to use the dragon medallion to swindle the Hall of Healing? The two elders also looked at the recipe with odd expressions on their faces. Their gazes met, and both could read "fraud" in each other's eyes. The third hallmaster took back the recipe and scrutinized it again. His brow furrowed, "The Heavenly Karma pill. I've never heard of this pill." "It's a pill recipe from ancient times. Isn't it normal that you haven't heard of it? If you have, would it still be a long lost recipe?" Jiang Zheng calmly wet his lips with a sip of tea. He put the teacup and lid onto the table with one smooth movement. "You've seen the recipe now but can't recognize its true value. There will be others who can. I know your thoughts. You're thinking that this paper and handwriting looks too commonplace, and that its a fake. Ah, whatever. One cannot talk to summer insects about ice. If you understood, you wouldn't need any words of explanation. If you didn't, then it would make no difference if I talked until I was blue in the face. I won't bother you anymore. Good day." Although Jiang Zheng spoke with a free and easy attitude, his heart was pounding like a drum. This was his final scheme: playing hard to get. Pretending to be a deep character, faking carefreeness. If they didn't fall for it, then he was really out of ideas. "Ai. I hope that the Temple of the Farmer God or the Pill King Garden recognizes value where it lies. Let us hope that there is not an abundance of pill amateurs and not a single master worthy of his title in this great capital." Jiang Zheng displayed flagging interest as he carelessly stood up and prepared to leave. The third hallmaster felt Jiang Zheng was a bit mysterious as the latter was quite inscrutable and inexplicably free and easy. If their guest left just like this, that meant the Hall of Healing had not offered any insult. Logically speaking, they should be quite happy with this turn of events. But for some reason, the third hallmaster felt that if they let this guest go like this, the Hall would be losing out on something. His curiosity peaked, the third hallmaster called out, "Sir, please hold your steps! My Hall's lord hallmaster and second hallmaster will return in just a few days. Although I do not know this pill, perhaps they..." "Ah forget it forget it. Chance and luck wait for no one. I came to the Hall of Healing on a whim today. I don't have the patience to wait a few days for you. Who would have thought that the great Hall of Healing would not have a single person who can recognize the value of this recipe. What a shame, what a pity." Jiang Zheng progressed through retreating, and stepped up his game of playing hard to get. The third hallmaster and two elders had nothing to say in response and was about to happily send their guest along their way, when a cold snort pierced the hallway. A haughty voice penetrated strongly through the air, "What recipe? Such empty boasts, bring it in front of me." Jiang Zheng hesitated and was about to speak when the third hallmaster smiled, "That would be elder Shun. Elder Shun is a foreigner, but the Hall's resident expert and a heavyweight in the pill medicine world. Even my Hall's lord hallmaster would have to pay his respects to Elder Shun. "Can a resident expert make any decisions?" Jiang Zheng stuck his nose in the air. "If it was elder Shun doing the appraisal, the Hall would trust elder Shun's judgement." A resident expert could have such influence and sway? What kind of resident expert was this? Jiang Zheng thought it was exceedingly odd, but this wasn't what he really cared about. The pill recipe was passed over to another room, where a white haired old man, who had witnessed the passages of time, took possession of the paper. He glanced at it, and at first thought the same as the third hallmaster. But he then furrowed his brow and settled into deep thought. His frown grew even deeper after a while, and he muttered to himself, "Can such a pill recipe exist on this earth? Can I have walked the paths of the dao of alchemy for two hundred years, yet still remained so ignorant?" Elder Shun abruptly stood up and pushed open a door to step into a garden behind the room. There was a girl dressed in pale green silk in the middle of the garden, standing in the midst of a patch of jade green bamboo. She was feeding some birds as the morning mist illuminated her snow white skin, turning it as creamy as suet. "Huang'er." Elder Shun called. The girl turned and displayed a stunning beauty that was as mesmerizing as the silver moon, the white of snow, the most exquisite scenery. A few traces of faint sorrow could be found in her brow, adding a hint of desolation to her otherwise enthralling beauty. To find such beauty on earth, it was a match even for the fairies in the heavens. "Yes, elder Shun?" Elder Shun smiled, "I've just received a pill recipe but am unable to place my finger on it. Huang'er, will you cast an eye over it?" The girl smiled lightly. That smile smoothed her brow and dispersed the gloom, bringing her to life. "If even elder Shun is unable to make it out, then Huang'er is unlikely to do any better. Let me take a look." When she handled the recipe, Huang'er did not comment on the paper or handwriting, but involuntarily gave a low gasp, "The Heavenly Karma pill? This is an ancient recipe." Her expression grew even more astonished the further she read. Finally, she read the recipe from top to bottom again, "I have once seen this pill recipe in a precious classic book, but it was not complete. The ingredients that were listed however, were exactly the same as the ones listed here. The list in the classic book was not as comprehensive as the one here." It was elder Shun's turn to be surprised, "So this means that the recipe for the Heavenly Karma pill is real?" "Real or not, Huang'er has never seen the complete recipe before. But following this line of reasoning, it is highly likely that this recipe is real. Elder Shun, where did this pill recipe come from?" Elder Shun's face suddenly came alive as an animated light shone out of his eyes. But he seemed to think of something sad, and the light slowly faded away again. "Ai, even if this Heavenly Karma pill were real, it is only the gold standard for physical hurts. It is useless against your sickness, Huang'er." Elder Shun's excitement abated greatly after he spoke. However, Huang'er was the one who smiled and said, "Elder Shun, matters written in the stars cannot be forced. Leave it to fate." The pill recipe made its way back to the third hallmaster and elders, along with a dispassionate sentence from elder Shun, "That recipe is most likely real, and if it goes into production, then all the healing pills of your Eastern Kingdom, and even those of the neighboring sixteen kingdoms, are trash compared to it. Demand will dry up as the Heavenly Karma pill will take the market by the storm. You decide what to do next!" It was apparent that although elder Shun was just a resident expert, his status was extremely high and even the Hall of Healing fawned on him. The third hallmaster was gobsmacked. He hadn't anticipated that, after elder Shun's appraisal, that fake-beyond-words pill would turn out to be most likely real. That was good and all, but elder Shun's words were too frightening. This Heavenly Karma pill would cause all other similar products to be pulled from the shelves? This was simply too intimidating to contemplate. This was cornering the market! To corner a market meant high profits and extremely high return on investment. Even the mere thought of it was enough to make someone shudder all over. In complete contrast, Jiang Zheng was able to lay his heart to rest when he heard elder Shun's appraisal. What a lifesaver; what an expert! He was truly family, someone who recognized the true value of things! Jiang Zheng had been deathly afraid that elder Shun would conclude with "trash" as his judgement. If that was the case, then he, Jiang Zheng, would have been thrown out of the Hall in a dusty exodus. But now, armed with elder Shun's appraisal and observing the third hallmaster's reaction, Jiang Zheng knew that the young duke had won this bet. He really did have help from the gods! He had his reassurement and an ace up his sleeve, therefore Jiang Zheng's attitude grew even more superior. He smiled faintly, "Seeing as the Hall of Healing is not willing to express anything, then I shall not waste my time further then. Farewell." "Sir, please wait!" The third hallmaster became a little stressed out. He couldn't afford not to, if this Heavenly Karma pill wound up in the hands of the competition, then that would be an extremely bad development. In the future, not only would the Eastern Kingdom's market be dominated by this pill, so would the markets of the neighboring 16 countries. It was a terrifying thought indeed. If this truly happened, the third hallmaster could almost imagine the type of punishment he would face when the lord hallmaster returned! Although it was just a healing medicine, it was something that every practitioner needed. This size of this market was an astronomical figure. Not to mention that this was an exclusive trade, available only at this store and no others. They would be able to corner the market with complete peace of mind. This type of business opportunity happened less than once in ten lifetimes! If they missed out on it, they wouldn't even be able to find a place to cry. "Sir, anything can be discussed! Our Hall offers complete sincerity in discussing this matter. How about this, the Hall first offers ten thousand silver as a token of our genuinity. Please treat it as a gesture of friendship, of our desire to be friends with the noble sir. I can also be so bold as to agree to the terms of a 50/50 split. We can sign the cooperation contract as soon as the lord hallmaster returns." Jiang Zheng was so happy that flowers were almost blooming in his heart, yet he remembered Jiang Chen's words. Jiang Chen had said that the 50/50 split was the bottom line. If he could negotiate an even better split, then the additional profit would be his, Jiang Zheng's! Wasn't this opportunity knocking on his door? "Third hallmaster, I've already given you a chance just now, but you did not grasp it. The 50/50 split is a thing of the past. Now, hmph! If we don't reach an agreement, it will be 70/30. I believe that the Temple of the Farmer God or the Pill King Garden would still be willing even with a 70/30 split." This wasn't exhortation, but a simple fact. The Temple and Garden had always covetously eyed the Hall's position as the pill market leader in the kingdom. How would they pass up such an opportunity that had come knocking on their door? The pill medicine's costs were roughly ten percent. Even with a 70/30 split, there was still room for twenty percent profit. This twenty percent profit was no small thing. Twenty percent profit of a cornered market was still a showstopping figure. After all, this thing would be able to dominate the markets of all sixteen surrounding kingdoms! Low profit margins were not a match for low margin and high volume! "...draft the contract immediately! Attend to me! Immediately offer ten thousand gold to this gentleman as a sign of our sincerity!" The third hallmaster really wanted to slap himself now. Why hadn't he been more enthusiastic earlier? Why hadn't he been more resolute? A perfectly fine 50/50 split had turned into this in a blink of an eye. But it was still a good deal. The third hallmaster decided to still go through with the deal as he thought of the future potential of this business. Best not to irk this gentleman further. The 70/30 split would become real if he changed his mind again. That would a loss of another ten percent of profit. Jiang Zheng felt like he was surrounded by happiness and contentment after he'd accepted the ten thousand gold. He patted the third hallmaster's shoulder, "You are quite a likeable guy. Let's split, I'll do 60 and you do 40. We can happily settle on this!" Jiang Zheng almost forgot how he got home. He felt like his entire body was floating and that he would drift away to the clouds as he walked on the street. He was too happy, too excited. So excited that he almost suspected that he was dreaming! The ten thousand gold was nothing in his eyes now. The contract had been drafted, and he had reviewed it. He remembered that the young duke had promised that he, Jiang Zheng would be able to keep the profits of any split more favorable than the bottom line of 50/50. But he hasn't signed it. After all, the young master had to weigh in on this. He was just an underling, and didn't dare overstep his place by signing a contract without the express orders of his master. Jiang Zheng counted on his fingertips. If he converted this ten percent profit into silver, then the proceeds would be enough for him to live in style for a long while. Delicacies from land and sea, dressed in fine attire and riding well groomed horses, a manor and surrounding lands, home filled with gold and silver. At this moment, Jiang Zheng felt that this kind of life was already staring at him in the face. Conversing with the powerful, befriending the noble, wives coexisting in harmony, doting on sons and grandchildren. This kind of life was already waving to him from afar. Regulars at the Autumn Crane, financier of the Garden of Returning Spring, whoring with dukes and princes, drinking at the same table with esteemed officials. Naturally, these kinds of scenes wouldn't be too far away! He returned joyfully to the manor and was about to report the good news to the young duke, but was informed that the young duke had closed his doors for training. Any messages would have to wait. Jiang Zheng didn't think too much about it as his entire being was enveloped by happiness. He simply decided not to leave, and sat down in front of the young duke's room, loyally filling in the role of a guard. He still had not regained his calm after he'd sat down. He reminisced about the young duke's historical antics, and thought about the astonishing events of today. Jiang Zheng couldn't help but suspect, "Has the young duke been a charlatan all along? Was he testing me with those nonsensical actions before? Was he pretending to be weak, when in fact he was quite strong?" Whether it was being a charlatan or truly a visitation from the gods, Jiang Zheng clearly realized that his doubts from before were quite incorrect. He knew that even if the young duke had no other redeeming qualities about him, this pill recipe alone represented unlimited potential! As the young duke's personal body servant and steward, it would be a grave mistake if he didn't keep close to the young duke's footsteps! "I was being silly before in wanting to quit. Thank goodness the young duke still believes in me, Jiang Zheng. I've got to do a good job in the future. What does the gain and loss of a moment matter? The young duke hadn't made any moves before simply because he didn't want to. Now that he's made one, it's a grand gesture indeed! It looks like the young duke is no ordinary person!" Many thoughts were running through Jiang Zheng's head, but the most resolute one was that in the future, he would steadfastly follow the young duke's footsteps. He would not even crease his brow if they scaled mountains made of knives, or dived into oceans of fire. Wasn't the goal of a steward following a master to attain power and riches? The more he thought, the more Jiang Zheng's blood thrummed. He would have more status now at home, and could lecture that yellow faced wife of his to not be so short sighted! Why should I, Jiang Zheng, try to one up the other stewards? So they're momentarily wealthy and temporarily high placed, big freaking deal. Can all of them added together measure up to my haul today? While Jiang Zheng was happily dreaming of his blueprints to a happy-ever-after, Jiang Chen was taking the first steps on the path of training in both his past and present lives. One had to say, the past Jiang Chen was the epitome of laziness. His potential was in the top percentile amongst all 108 dukedom heirs, but the effort he put forth was without a doubt the lowest. "This kid was seriously a ne'er-do-well. All this potential, wasted!" Jiang Chen was a bit dissatisfied with his past self. The divisions of the martial dao mastery in this world were defined by the initial step of training true qi. In this world, the basics of martial dao were -- there were twelve major acupoints in a person's body, and twelve meridians flowed through them. One could clear a meridian by clearing an acupoint, and coalesce the body's energy into one current of true qi. Altogether, there were twelve meridians true qi in the true qi realm. But in the Eastern Kingdom, there existed no one who had been able to obtain twelve meridians true qi by clearing all twelve meridians, via clearing the twelve acupoints. Therefore, a sentence existed in the world of training: Twelve levels of true qi separate snakes and dragons. Whether a practitioner was a dragon or snake depended on how many acupoints he could clear in his body. Generally speaking, clearing three meant passing. Three meridians true qi were called the realm of initial true qi. These types of people were a bit stronger than your average person. They were suitable for joining the military and fighting in wars, or guarding homes. If one surpassed three and was within six levels, that counted as intermediate level true qi. This level of practitioner enjoyed higher status amongst martial dao practitioners. Whether it was joining the military or trying their hand in other professions, they would achieve good results. As for surpassing six levels and staying with nine levels, then that was entering the advanced level of true qi. There were exceedingly few within the advanced level. If one became an advanced level practitioner, then he would be quite a character in the Eastern Kingdom region. Those above nine levels would be hailed as true qi masters, but those were as rare phoenix feathers or dragon scales. They were few and far in between in the entire Eastern Kingdom. Anyone who could train to the ninth level or above would be respectfully titled a true qi master and genius of martial dao. But of course, the twelve levels of true qi were still only a basic foundation at the end of the day. Within the realm of true qi, one was still only a true qi practitioner no matter how strong he was. If they could not transform their true qi to spirit qi, then their path of martial dao was but an elusive and futile effort. All would be as ephemeral as the clouds at the end of two hundred years of life. Thus, there was another sentence that existed as one ascended higher: if true qi does not transmute to spirit qi, then one is still a worm. Adding the two sentences together gave rise to this saying: Twelve levels of true qi separate snakes and dragons. if true qi does not transmute to spirit qi, then one is still a worm. What did it mean to transmute true qi to spirit qi? It was the act of training true qi to an utmost level, perceiving the spirit sea, and transforming true qi to spirit qi. It was to borrow the powers of heaven and earth, and transforming to supreme spirit power. Once true qi was converted to spirit qi, that was when one shook off the shackles of martial dao and entered the dao of spirit. Spirit dao practitioners created clouds with the flip of a hand, and made it rain with another flip. They could summon forth the wind and rain, move mountains and frame the sea. It was said that even the combined efforts of ten true qi masters would be unable to withstand a careless blow from a spirit dao practitioner. It would not be hyperbole to say that if someone entered the spirit dao, then they were truly a golden scaled dragon soaring above the clouds! There was a legend of a strong spirit dao warrior residing in the Eastern Kingdom. He was a recluse, hidden deeply, and mysterious beyond belief. Even the king would have to humble himself and pay his respects to this warrior. The funny things was, in the world of martial cultivation, although those walking the paths of spirit dao rarely surfaced, there were still a few. However, there were none that numbered amongst the supreme true qi masters. What did one mean by supreme true qi master? It meant a genius martial dao practitioner who had cleared all twelve acupoints and meridians. In the annals of its history, no one had ever given birth to such a genius in the Eastern Kingdom. Even the surrounding sixteen kingdoms very rarely boasted of one. A twelve meridians true qi master was even more uncommon than a spirit dao practitioner. As for the ten, eleven meridians -- each kingdom had a small handful of those. But for reasons unknown, there wasn't a single twelve meridians true qi master. Logically speaking, once someone had trained to the eleven meridians true qi, they could absolutely continue the fight and clear the twelve acupoint as well. But the rules of training were just that harsh. Some geniuses arduously sought after the twelve meridians paragon after training to the eleven meridians true qi, but ended up with nothing in the end, and even missed out on the best timing to attempt to ascend to spirit dao. According to the laws of martial dao, those under 30 had the greatest chance of transmuting true qi to spirit qi. The probability would shrink by one half if under 40, with no chance at all after 50. Therefore, if one didn't make good use of time in transforming true qi after training to the eleven levels of true qi, they would forever lose this chance if their age exceeded the appropriate range. Training to the twelve meridians paragon still meant staying within the true qi realm, and one's lifespan would not exceed 300 years. But once a practitioner transmuted their true qi, their lifespan would immediately jump to 700 or 800, even 1000 years, giving rise to many more opportunities on the path of martial dao. Therefore, ten and eleven meridians true qi masters were always faced with this dilemma. Do they continue to explore twelve meridians true qi? Or make the best use of their time and transform true qi to spirit qi? This was a difficult decision, but reason would win out over impulse for most true qi masters, and they would choose to transform their true qi. Although the success rate of transmuting was also low, at least it was better than the fleeting gesture of pursuing the twelve meridians paragon, right? The additional years of life granted from successfully transmuting to spirit qi were the greatest temptation of all. Of course, the Jiang Chen of today had no time to muse on these matters. With his current abilities, this was all too abstract and unattainable for him right now. It was something he did not need to think about, for now. The problem he faced today was to increase his strength as much as possible in order to face the oncoming Hidden Dragon Trials. If he couldn't even pass the basic exams and obtain the right to compete in the Trials, then his first steps in this newly reincarnated life would be truly too depressing. The previous Jiang Chen had started training his body from the age of six. Seeing as he was fifteen this year, he had spent seven or eight years clearing three acupoints, and coalescing three meridians true qi. Achieving three meridians true qi would have been quite an accomplishment if he had been a child of any other ordinary family. But he was the son of a duke, and had been born with a golden spoon in his mouth. His bloodlines were good, resources abundant, and potential excellent. To achieve only three meridians true qi after that many years of training was quite the failure amongst failures. "To be honest, the duke of Jiang Han is a father who unconditionally takes his son's side, and is quite forgiving." Jiang Chen sighed lightly amongst laughter, but was not depressed. "Twelve levels of true qi. Heh, if I remember correctly, this is a type of foundational training, merely a minor cycle of the path of cultivation. It is the lowest level of existence amongst all types of training. In my past life, I was the caretaker of the Tianlang Library, and was well versed in all aspects of divine and common knowledge. Now that I have reincarnated, how can I train in such an inconsequential path?" Although he thought this way, reality was cruel and hash. Despite being full of wisdom and theories, he could only resign himself to walking these negligible paths of cultivation with the current condition of his body. With his current body, he would probably train to death and still have nothing to show for it if he started off immediately practicing numerous grand methods. Jiang Chen was a bit depressed. This was like sitting down to a spread of delicacies from land and sea, but he was limited to pairing only pickled roots with his rice. However, Jiang Chen was not overly downcast as he knew -- "The path of cultivation is the same for all. Many geniuses have emerged from ordinary commoners to ascend to legendary positions. But did not they all start with practicing the same minor methods of martial dao? I will observe the customs of this place and shall even improve on these minor methods." Jiang Chen was quite confident. Once he had thought through this point, his entire being became spontaneously happy. "Haha, I was thinking too much just now. Isn't it such a huge joke that I want to upend the laws of cultivation as soon as I've arrived in this world? Although I can't practice the numerous grand methods, don't I have numerous ways to hasten my progress in this paltry true qi realm, and catch up to the greats?" Jiang Chen was really fresh out of ideas if he'd wanted to use this body to practice grand methods. But practicing the minor methods in the realm of true qi -- he had ideas aplenty then. "This idiot, no wonder his true qi is so frail. How is his true qi supposed to improve when he fishes for three days and casts nets for two?" "And, the way he's using to circulate qi is completely incorrect. This method of breathing is complete nonsense." "My dear heavens, did this brat even spend an ounce of effort on training? How could he even get the order of true qi circulation wrong? What a character!" "This is laughable. One needs to clear the twelve acupoints, but the practitioners of this world have no method of mapping their acupoints. Exploration is even needed?" Jiang Chen discovered quite a few issues after a few random circulations of qi. The most hysterical thing was that it was an exceedingly arduous trial each time a practitioner cleared an acupoint. A great deal of trial and error was involved. It was apparent to see that acupoints were scattered randomly in each practitioner's body, with no rhyme or reason. But, didn't this world have a method to locate acupoints? Jiang Chen identified a handful of methods to locate acupoints just by randomly searching through his memories. But what he didn't know was that if these methods he'd randomly plucked from memories were disseminated into the world, they would cause great fever and upheaval. "Ai, it would seem that the ordinary circumstances I've reincarnated into are quite weak indeed, weak to the point of being in the bottom of the ranks." Jiang Chen had gained a further understanding of the specifics of his current life. At least, it was exceedingly poor in the area of training methods. "Maybe, Eastern Kingdom lacks resources merely in the realm of training? Are they stronger in other fields?" Jiang Chen had no intention of discounting anyone. He had no right to look down on even Eastern Kingdom. After all, although he was full of the universe's secrets, with his current level of training, any random practitioner on the capital's streets could crush him as easily as stepping on an ant. Jiang Chen corrected and improved on each of the problems he had found earlier. He tapped into his three meridians and started circulating three meridians qi in his body. In the beginning, due to his inexperience, Jiang Chen found controlling qi to be a bit difficult. He became much more adept, and controlling the three meridians qi was more effortless after a few cycles. At first, the qi movement was exceedingly slow, as if worms moving through dirt. Its movement became faster and faster over the course of the few hours. Suddenly, the three meridians qi thundered towards some part within the body. They were like three floodwaters flooding the plains, utterly collapsing and submerging a dam. A feeling of comfort that almost made one wish to cry out in satisfaction saturated Jiang Chen's body, and a rush of blood went straight to his brain. His entire being felt incredibly comfortable, as if it was about to take flight. That rush of feeling formed a hot air current and flowed down a meridian like the gentle spring rains, spontaneously creating a new pathway within his body. Fourth qi acupoint, cleared! Four meridians true qi! One had to say, this body possessed good potential to begin with. Jiang Chen had summarized the salient points of training from his memories and had corrected the mistakes of his past self. The results were instantaneous. The original pathetic three meridians true qi had immediately ascended to four meridians true qi! And him, Jiang Chen, had taken the step out of the realm of initial qi and joined the ranks of the intermediate realm of true qi! "Hahaha, who would've thought training is such a wonderful feeling!" Jiang Chen's mind was full of various thoughts at the successful completion of him taking this step. They all poured out and came to a head, momentarily overwhelming him with emotion. It had not been an easy path. He was the exalted son of the Celestial Emperor in his past life, but was unable to train due to his yin constitution. He had waited millions of years; he'd waited until the cataclysm arrived and obtained the right to train due to his reincarnation. How could Jiang Chen not have mixed feelings when thinking of all that had transpired before? The Jiang Chen of now was like a ravenous glutton from ancient times: full of hunger and greed towards cultivation. Once he had stabilized the fourth meridian true qi, he chose a "True Acupoint Resonance" method and easily pinpointed the location of the fifth acupoint. Of course, Jiang Chen knew that it was an easy thing to find the fifth acupoint. But to clear this acupoint and receive a fifth level of true qi was not that simple. True qi would not be pure if the foundations were not firm. He had just cleared the fourth meridian and had not yet built it up. There was no way it could withstand a strong impact. All would be for naught if he was impatient for progress and harmed his meridians. Therefore, the next step was to temper the four meridians he already controlled, and make appropriate use of the four meridians true qi. As for ways to temper meridians, he had an abundance of those, whether it was training methods or refining medicines. He would be able to proceed at ten or a hundred times the pace of others. This was his advantage, an advantage that no genius could match! Genius? In this world, what genius could be more brilliant than the son of the Celestial Emperor? "It looks like the "True Acupoint Resonance" method does actually locate the acupoints. I was worried that due to varying circumstances, this method may not be effective. It would seem that the path of martial dao all leads to the same result, despite the plethora of different ways." Jiang Chen was a bit self satisfied, as he knew that just the use of the "True Acupoint Resonance" method was enough to put him ahead of other young geniuses. After all, the genius practitioners of this world needed to meditate, explore and reflect in order to find an acupoint and clear a meridian. But he could directly locate an acupoint through a method that did not belong in his class. This meant that he could save quite a bit of time compared to others. "Indeed, the deficiencies of training methods can directly restrict the progress of a region's practitioners." Jiang Chen lamented a bit. In actuality, geniuses were not separated by class. But, there were different rankings of one's potential to train. How much time could be saved by the best resources and knowledge? How many windings paths could geniuses avoid as a result? Jiang Chen had increased confidence in his future in martial dao thanks to these thoughts. It was almost dusk when he left the training room. He had been in there for a full ten hours. This would undoubtedly become prime gossip in the duke's manor if word got out. One had to know that the most the previous Jiang Chen would train for was four hours. "Eh? Jiang Zheng? What are you doing here?" Upon pushing the door open, Jiang Chen was a bit surprised to see Jiang Zheng sitting at the doorstep. "Young duke, joyous tidings!" Jiang Zheng wasn't the type to wear his heart on his sleeve, but he had been sitting here since early afternoon. It was now dusk; he had a belly full of good news but no one to share it with. He'd finally awaited the end of Jiang Chen's training, and was naturally overjoyed. "Don't get worked up Jiang Zheng. So much excitement over such a little matter?" Jiang Chen chuckled knowingly. It looked like Jiang Chen had had a successful trip to the Hall of Healing. "Young duke's plans were spot on. The Hall's people were first arrogant, but then respectful. They ended up begging me in the end! And..." Jiang Zheng's features were quite animated as he was extremely excited. "Jiang Zheng, let's talk about these small matters later. What about the ingredients I wanted?" "Here, they're all here!" Jiang Zheng's respect for his master grew even further. You've got to hand it to the young master. He sees such a large business deal as a "small matter". "Go see to it that the servants prepare a large wooden tub, and bring some additional vats of clear water to this secret room." Jiang Chen commanded. "Your wish is my command." One had to say, Jiang Zheng was a commendable steward. He had fulfilled Jiang Chen's orders in less than an hour. "Alright, Jiang Zheng, why don't you go home. Come here and await my orders early next morning. Give me a report on the pill recipe then." To be honest, the Heavenly Karma pill was just a means to an end in Jiang Chen's eyes. It was just a way to resolve the immediate economic crisis in front of him. Frankly speaking, he had absolutely no interest in either the Heavenly Karma pill or its resulting economic effects. His attention was not on these matters. Things would be much easier now that he had these ingredients. He would be able to mostly recover from the caning injuries after just a night's healing. These spirit level herbs were all basic ingredients for the Heavenly Karma pill. Although Jiang Chen was unable to actually refine the pill with his current foundations, he would be able to achieve around thirty to forty percent of the pill's healing properties through the use of certain techniques to combine the ingredients. That night, Jiang Chen seeped his body in the pill ingredients, and directed four meridians true qi to continuously repair internal damage. Thus, a night quietly passed by...
When Jiang Chen opened his eyes the next day, there were a few traces of vitality that hadn't been present in his eyes before.
He sat up and stretched, his entire body filled with an explosive type of power.
Thirty to forty percent of the Heavenly Karma pill's effects were already amazing enough to pretty much heal eighty to ninety percent of Jiang Chen's injuries. Added to the fact that his four meridians true qi had spent the night repairing and strengthening his body after he had cleared his fourth meridian, his bodily functions had improved many levels throughout the course of one night.
Jiang Zheng had been there since early that morning, and was in fine fettle. He was delighted whenever he thought about how he'd lectured his wife and regained his pride as the man of the house last night after she'd apologized, as well as the resulting prowess he'd displayed between the bedsheets yesterday night.
But he was utterly flabbergasted when he saw Jiang Chen walk out of the room.
"Young duke, you... you..." Jiang Zheng was unable to find the appropriate words because he was so astonished. Jiang Chen had simply undergone too great of a change.
The previous Jiang Chen was a rascal and at times domineering, and at times anxious and depressed. In other words, he really wasn't much of anything.
But today, the young duke had a brand new look about him. His entire presence and aura was like a newly forged sword straight from the furnace, with keen edges and light.
"Jiang Zheng, ready my horse. I'm going out."
"Yes!" Jiang Zheng would gladly endure hardships. He used to think that running errands for the young duke was a pain, but had been filled with the fires of passion since yesterday.
It was only after they'd left the manor that Jiang Zheng carefully asked, "Young duke, where are we going?"
"The Hall of Healing of course." Jiang Chen chuckled, snapped his whip, and sent his horse galloping. He was in an extremely good mood today, and a man rides a fast horse when he is proud!
"Eh? Young duke, please wait for your servant!" Jiang Chen had already disappeared off into the distance by the time Jiang Zheng had reacted.
The Hall of Healing's majestic buildings appeared in front of Jiang Chen after a short while.
When Jiang Chen arrived on the Hall's doorstep, the customers walking in and out of the hall acted as if they'd seen a ghost.
After all, Jiang Chen was still the son of a duke and had a bit of fame in the capital. That fart he'd let out at the holy temple was enough to make him headline news in the entire capital over the past two days.
Farting during the Rights of Heavenly Worship, this Jiang Chen was something else alright.
Therefore, Jiang Chen's name had been gossiped about extensively over the past two days, and was synonymous with being "unique".
Jiang Chen had farted during the Rites of Heavenly Worship and desecrated the gods. The king had commanded for him to be caned to death. This was news that the entire kingdom knew.
But very few knew that he had not died from his caning
Therefore, his emergence now was bound to set the rumor mill running again.
"Do you see that? Isn't that that good-for-nothing young duke from the Jiang Han province?"
"So what if he is? There are so many powers in the capital, do you want to suck up to that one?"
"Suck up your ass. I'm saying that that's Jiang Chen! Wasn't he caned to death for farting in the Rites of Heavenly Worship?"
"What? You're talking about Jiang Chen? That farting weirdo? Where?"
Conversations like this were being held all around the Hall of Healing. People clustered in small groups and were almost all discussing the same matter.
As for the person in question, Jiang Chen, he paid no heed to these silly glances, and was even less inclined to engage with these people.
He had important matters to deal with at the Hall of Healing.
There were two more days before he had to enter the palace and treat the princess. He'd have to make some preparations no matter what. It wouldn't be a very seemly thing to walk in empty handed, and he'd be hard pressed to explain himself.
Jiang Chen had sketched out a rough plan for dealing with Eastern Zhiruo's problem, and he had come today to set some things in motion.
The attitude of the associates at the Hall of Healing had obviously been rectified after the events of yesterday. It was apparent that some internal restructuring had happened.
Jiang Chen placed a list on the counter. "Hello, I'd like the ingredients on this list."
The associate took the list and nodded, but frowned slightly when he reached the last ingredient on the list. "A sixth rank spirit level ingredient? Sir... are you sure you want this ingredient?"
"Just prepare the ingredients according to the list." Jiang Chen smiled slightly.
"But this ingredient..." The associate hesitated.
"What? Too low level? You don't have it here? Then swap it out for a Nine Flame Aurora Fruit."
It was as if the associate had been hit with a bolt of lightning that fried his insides and cooked his skin. He barely managed to squeeze out a smiling face. "Sir, what is a Nine Flame Aurora Fruit? The Hall doesn't carry it. The Dragonbone Sun Grass is an item of utmost yang. It's extremely rare, and one of our treasured spirit ingredients. The Hall only has one in stock and it's extremely precious, the sales price..."
"What, think I can't afford it?" Jiang Chen arched an eyebrow.
The associate gave a low chuckle and thought, at least you can read between my words. I truly am worried that you can't afford it. But the beating that his colleague had suffered yesterday told them all to not judge a book by its cover.
"The thing is, this item is extremely precious and even administrators are unable to take it out. One of our elders has to give permission before we can make a deal." He patiently explained while subconsciously retracting his head. Surely this gentleman wouldn't also have an engraved dragon medallion and fling a slap my way?
"So much trouble for a mere Dragonbone Sun Grass? Where are your elders? Tell them to come out, I don't have time to waste." Jiang Chen truly didn't wish to spend too much time in the Hall of Healing.
There was nothing the associate could do but send word inside. Jiang Chen was twiddling his thumbs when a great hubbub of noise came from outside the door, and a small crowd of people came inside.
The leader of the group looked about sixteen or seventeen and was richly dressed in silks and furs. He walked in proudly and closed the distance to the counter in three steps. He slammed his hand onto the counter: "Tell your supervisors to come out. I want a blade of Dragonbone Sun Grass and I'm in a hurry. Come on come on, none of you will be able to bear the consequences if you delay my business."
The person's tone was exceedingly cocky and he had no respect for anyone. He hadn't even looked at any of the customers at the other counters.
The associates at the other counters however, were dumbfounded.
Ordinarily, no one would have a use for this Dragonbone Sun Grass, even over the course of three to five years. But today, two sets of customers had come in looking to buy it as soon as they'd opened for business.
Had the value for the Dragonbone Sun Grass increased?
Three people walked out from the back of the Hall of Healing after a short while. Aside from the associate, there was also administrator He and a female elder.
The female elder looked about forty years old and had drawn on slightly exaggerated eyebrows. She wore an extensive amount of jewelry, and projected a particularly awkward feeling with her fashion choices.
"Who wants to buy the Dragonbone Sun Grass?" The female elder asked.
"Me, me! Auntie Blue, do you remember me? I'm the son of the duke of White Tiger dukedom, Bai Zhanyun. Bai Xianling is my father! You held me when I was small." That cocky teenager started making nice to the female elder.
"Ah, it's the young White duke. Is this Dragonbone Sun Grass for you, or your father?"
The White Tiger dukedom was one of the most preeminent dukedoms in the Eastern Kingdom, it ranked amongst the top five. Therefore, even an elder from the Hall of Healing needed to show their respect.
"Auntie Blue, don't ask more questions. Just know that your nephew needs this urgently. Quickly name a price, I will come back and thank you later."
Elder Blue gave a coy smile. "You're in a great hurry. Are you taking this spirit level ingredient and giving it to some girl?"
Bai Zhanyun "heh"ed in laughter, "Auntie Blue knows best."
"Alright, I won't make fun of you further. The Dragonbone Sun Grass is priced at two million silver. Did you bring enough money?"
"I did, I did. Would I have come without the money? Everyone knows that your Hall doesn't do business on credit." Bai Zhan Yun seemed to be worried.
Jiang Chen had borne their chatter and laughter for quite a while already. His eyebrows arched as he knocked on the counter. "I say, aren't you missing something here? Business is first come first served."
Both elder Blue and Bai Zhanyun seemed to have only just noticed Jiang Chen. They both gave him a weird look.
Bai Zhanyun in particular had a very bratty expression on his face. It seemed to say, and who the hell are you?
"Whoever it was, fellow, I ask you. Wasn't I the first to want to purchase the Dragonbone Sun Grass?" Jiang Chen asked lightly.
The associate would have never thought that another buyer would walk through the doors in such a short span of time. But the Hall's golden store sign was hanging right there, and he didn't dare lie.
He opened and closed his mouth, but was unable to make a sound. Bai Zhanyun seemed to understand something and gave a cold laugh, "You. You want to buy it too."
Bai Zhanyun had ran here like the fires of hell were after him not to purchase the Dragonbone Sun Grass for himself, but because he had heard that the daughter of the most highly ranked duke, Long Teng, in the Eastern Kingdom, Long Juxue, had somehow fallen victim to a cold humours when training. She needed an item of utmost yang for a cure and thus he had immediately run to the Hall of Healing. He wanted to get a head start on the competition by purchasing the Dragonbone Sun Grass and present it to Long Juxue as a gallant gesture.
His first thought upon hearing that Jiang Chen also wanted to purchase the herb was that the person in front of him was a love rival!
Jiang Chen swept Bai Zhan Yun an indifferent glance, but didn't have the interest in talking to an idiot. He only talked to elder Blue, "Lady elder, I ask only one question. Does the Hall of Healing respect the order of priority?"
Elder Blue was an old hat who had seen her fair share of big scenes, and said with a charming smile. "Well, we definitely respect the order of priority. But some matters are more important than others. Brother Bai here wants to use the Dragonbone Sun Grass to save a life. It is said that saving one life is more noble than building a seven tiered temple for Buddha. He also happens to be the young duke of the White Tiger dukedom. Why don't you give him some face? Giving him face is the same as..."
Bai Zhanyun puffed his chest out and said proudly, "Right. You. You look a bit familiar. What's your name? If you give up the Dragonbone Sun Grass to me, then I, Bai Zhanyun, will take complete care of you in the capital!"
Jiang Chen didn't know whether to laugh or cry. It was obvious to see that elder Blue was biased towards Bai Zhan Yun.
"What if I don't wish to?" Jiang Chen riposted coolly and gave a light laugh.
"What?" Bai Zhanyun was more than a little surprised. "What's wrong with you? I am the heir to the White Tiger dukedom, the future White Tiger duke. You don't even show respect to the four great dukes of the kingdom? You. You're cocky. Tell me your name. Let me see how great is the person who doesn't even respect me, the heir of White Tiger dukedom."
At the moment, someone watching the show dared to speak up, "He's Jiang Chen."
"The heir of Jiang Han dukedom I think."
"Yeah, that's him. But wasn't he caned to death?"
Both Bai Zhanyun and elder Blue were stunned by these responses. The heir of the Jiang Han dukedom?
Bai Zhanyun's gaze sharpened on Jiang Chen and finally seemed to recognize him. He pointed at Jiang Chen and started laughing loudly. "You. It really is you. Weren't you dead? Alright you Jiang Chen, you pretended to be dead. This is misleading the king and treason!"
Jiang Chen's entire being had underwent a significant change thanks to a round of training. Add to that the fact that Bai Zhanyun hadn't had much contact with Jiang Chen before, and you get why the former hadn't recognized Jiang Chen earlier.
He felt on even firmer footing after he'd identified Jiang Chen. "Jiang Chen, you've got some guts. It's one thing to play dead, how dare you brazenly come out in public when you're supposed to be dead. This is clear provocation against His Majesty's authority, and a public insult against the royal family. I think you should hurry home and get your affairs in order. Even if you are able to buy it, will you have the life to use it?"
Jiang Chen had a face full of resignation and turned his head to smile wryly at elder Blue. "Would the Hall of Healing rather do business with idiots than sell spirit level ingredients to normal people?"
Bai Zhanyun was immediately enraged, "Jiang Chen, who are you calling an idiot?"
Jiang Chen shrugged. "Definitely an idiot. Can't even solve such a simple question? Who else is an idiot here apart from you?"
The crowd watching the show grew heated with excitement. Had these two young dukes eaten gunpowder today? Each was more bold than the last, each was more domineering than the last.
Was a battle of who could be more good for naught about to take place?
Bai Zhanyun, the heir of White Tiger dukedom, was a domineering, bratty sort.
But wasn't this heir of the Jiang Han dukedom, who had even committed the crazy act of the century, by farting during the Rites of Heavenly Worship, a legendary good for nothing? When had he turned so awesome?
At this moment, he wasn't even treating the heir of the White Tiger dukedom seriously. This was a development of going against the heavens!
One had to know, that although the duke of Jiang Han was ranked in the top 15 of the 108 dukes, the duke of White Tiger was ranked number 4. He was one of the four most renowned and preeminent dukes in the kingdom.
Differences in strength existed between dukes of different rankings. In reality, the duke of Jiang Han and the duke of White Tiger weren't on the same level at all!
Besides, thanks to his earth shattering fart, Jiang Chen's life story had been dug up by the rumor mills over the past two days. Who didn't know that Jiang Chen was dandy and a ne'er do well?
It was precisely because of this that everyone was incredibly shocked by Jiang Chen's attitude.
"Hahaha, although you weren't caned to death, you were beaten into an idiot, weren't you Jiang Chen? Good, good. You were lucky last time and weren't beaten to death. I shall relieve some of his Majesty's burden today, and beat you to death for a reward."
It was at this moment that another hubbub stirred at the Hall's doors, and a crowd of young men surrounding a girl in a white dress walked in.
The crowd of young men started yelling as soon as they walked in: "We want the Dragonbone Sun Grass, bring it here swiftly. My household, the Yanmen dukedom, will be buying."
"Huh. When was it your turn to pay. My Vermillion Bird dukedom will be having this Dragonbone Sun Grass!"
These youths fought each other for the chance to pay the bill, livening up the atmosphere at once in the lobby of the Hall of Healing.
Jiang Chen rubbed his nose as he thought, Do these people have more money than what they know what to do with? What's the deal with them today? Did all these guys make a pact to come annoy me today?
Although, that didn't really seem to be the case. How could the others have known that he needed the Dragonbone Sun Grass? Plus, Jiang Chen himself didn't believe that he had somehow offended so many so deeply, to the point where the heirs of multiple dukedoms were ganging up on him.
In a matter of moments, there were at least seven or eight people who were vying for the opportunity to purchase the Dragonbone Sun Grass. Each was displaying a level of resolution that indicated they would not rest until they got their hands on it.
This put elder Blue in a quandary. She was an expert at observing people, how could she not tell that this crowd of young men were putting on a show for the girl?
But, there was only one of the Dragonbone Sun Grass? She was bound to insult a large group of people, no matter who she sold it to.
These little emperors were all the devil incarnate. No matter who she offended, it would be a dicey matter, not to mention that this offense would be given to quite a few people.
Elder Blue thought furiously, glanced at Jiang Chen out of the corner of her eye and formed an idea.
"Dearest young dukes, we are honored and flattered by your presence. However, the Hall of Healing has always had one rule when it comes to doing business. It was Jiang Chen, the heir to the Jiang Han dukedom, who first wanted to purchase the Dragonbone Sun Grass. Anyone who wishes to buy it instead can only do so if he is willing to give it up. The Hall of Healing will sell to anyone who can convince him. This is the rule, and we hope for your understanding."
What a way to shift blame and responsibility. Nicely played.
The Hall of Healing had washed its hands of the matter this way, and thrown the hot potato to Jiang Chen.
If he refused to give it up, then that would be Jiang Chen's issue, not the Hall's. It would be Jiang Chen offending people, and not them.
All gazes swiveled as one and locked onto Jiang Chen.
"Eh, why is it him?"
"Jiang Chen? The joker that farted during the Rites? Isn't he dead?"
"Did he fake being a corpse?"
"Was this kid lucky and didn't get beaten to death?"
"Too weird, too weird. Weird things happen every year, and there's a ton of them this year."
"Hah. Who cares if he died or not. No one can take this Dragonbone Sun Grass from me!"
"Jiang Chen, there's no place here for your lowly Jiang Han dukedom. Accept your place and bow out."
"That's right. How dare a criminal show his face?"
"Go back and prepare your affairs!"
Only a few people had known that he hadn't died, so these people's reactions didn't surprise Jiang Chen in the least.
What surprised him was that, did his face truly that provoke that much anger and hate? Why were these guys stomping all over him?
He ignored all the hostile glares and smiled wryly, "Did I fail to check the almanac before leaving the house today? Dealing with one idiot is irritating enough, but now I have to deal with a crowd of idiots?"
He didn't waste more time on idle chatter and stared at elder Blue, saying coldly, "Elder Blue, what good use of pawning off your issues onto someone else. I don't want to hear your blather; are you selling the Dragonbone Sun Grass or not?"
Elder Blue's face darkened, "Are you threatening me? If that's the case, then I really will wash my hands of this matter!"
"Just a moment!"
Someone hurriedly walked out from the back of the lobby. It was the third hallmaster.
The third hallmaster was absolutely livid and said harshly, "What's your problem elder Blue? Why can't you even take care of such a small matter? The Hall of Healing conducts our business according to one rule, we sell to whoever comes first!"
Elder Blue was momentarily dumbfounded, thinking: Did you take the wrong medicine this morning? Don't you see this crowd of little emperors eyeing their prize? Aren't you afraid of all these little demons holding a grudge if you sell to Jiang Chen?
Not to mention, was it necessary to go to these lengths for a mere Jiang Han heir, and a worthless good-for-nothing at that?
The third hallmaster completely ignored elder Blue's confused look and smiled at Jiang Chen, "Young duke Jiang, you are the first who wished to purchase the Dragonbone Sun Grass, and thus naturally it's buyer according to our rules."
He paused, and then turned towards the other heirs of their dukedoms, "Gentlemen, my apologies. The Hall of Healing is able to have a foothold in the Eastern Kingdom purely because of our golden sign based on credibility and rules. I am deeply honored that you have seen fit to patron the Hall of Healing, but unfortunately there is currently only one of the Dragonbone Sun Grass. We can only sell it to the person who has arrived first: young duke Jiang. As for whether or not young duke Jiang wishes to give it up for anyone present, that is not up to me to decide."
"However, this is the Hall of Healing, we ask for your understanding and to refrain from unruly behavior." The third hallmaster's tone hardened slightly.
The Hall of Healing wasn't a place in which just anyone could come and cause a ruckus.
What?
Was the third hallmaster crazy? He was selling the Dragonbone Sun Grass to Jiang Chen?
Any of the assembled young dukes present were more prominent, more powerful, than the heir to Jiang Han. Had the third hallmaster taken the wrong medicine this morning?
What made them even more taken aback was that the third hallmaster then turned a face of such welcome and cheer towards Jiang Chen and said, "Young duke Jiang, my apologies for the offense. Please follow me inside, so that the Hall can offer a cup of tea in apology."
The crowd of little emperors were completely dumbfounded by this turn of events.
When had this worthless dandy, who had no inkling of presence whatsoever on the Hidden Dragon Trials, become so popular in the Hall of Healing?
Even the girl in white dress that the crowd had clustered around turned her gaze onto Jiang Chen for the first time.
This girl was the beloved daughter of the Eastern Kingdom's first duke, Long Teng's daughter, Long Juxue.
The horde of dukedom heirs were fighting amongst themselves mostly due to a desire to ingratiate themselves with this Long Juxue. The whole hubbub over purchasing the Dragonbone Sun Grass was to offer it to her, and to cure her cold humours.
However, Jiang Chen wasn't the slightest bit interested in this crowd of crazies. When he caught a glimpse of Jiang Zheng lurking behind the third hallmaster with a sidelong glance, he understood the situation perfectly. He smiled lightly, "Please wrap up the spirit level ingredients that I wanted. As for payment..."
The third hallmaster hastily said, "Let's talk about payment later. Shall we have tea?"
The items were wrapped quickly and placed into Jiang Chen's hands. He walked inside with the third hallmaster, but how could he not have known that the reason behind the third hallmaster's attentions was the latter's desire to finalize the contract for the Heavenly Karma pill?
Otherwise, how could the third hallmaster have ignored all the other heirs and insisted on selling the Dragonbone Sun Grass to him? And to give him such face to boot?
"A moment, brother Jiang Chen." A well dressed, handsome young man emerged from the crowd. "I am the heir of Black Tortoise, Yi Taichu. I sincerely request that you give up the Dragonbone Sun Grass to me. I am willing to pay double the price for your friendship, is that amenable to you?"
One had to say, this Yi Taichu handled things far more appropriately than that White Tiger heir Bai Zhanyun. However, this Dragonbone Sun Grass was of certain use to Jiang Chen. There was no way he was giving it to someone else.
"My apologies, I have use for this blade of the Dragonbone Sun Grass and cannot give it away. Brother Yi, you are in the prime of your life, but find yourself so bored as to run errands for a pretty face?"
Jiang Chen smiled noncommittally as he flicked a glance towards Long Juxue, feeling especially disapproving towards her. This woman was allowing such a crowd of heirs to preen and strut before her, yet spoke no word in return. This type of woman was either vain, or had duplicitous intentions. So what if she was as beautiful as the flowers?
In his past life, this type of woman wouldn't even be fit to be a maid to his ladies in waiting.
Yi Taichu felt a bit awkward, but still retained his grace and good manners. He thought briefly, and seemed to think through something. He abruptly left without a word.
Long Juxue was even more ill disposed towards Jiang Chen upon seeing Yi Taichu leave. She greatly enjoyed the feeling of the crowd of youths fighting over her. Only when millions worshipped the moon, could her status as the center of attention be fully displayed.
But this Jiang Chen was throwing a wrench in the works, and was truly despiteful.
The worst thing was, this Jiang Chen hadn't even really looked at her throughout all of this. How was this the style of a ne'er-do-well, who was ridiculous beyond belief?
If it was any other day, Long Juxue couldn't even be bothered to spare a glance for someone on the level of Jiang Chen. But today, in this type of setting, the oddities of a woman's heart made her feel extremely put out, and think that Jiang Chen was purposely denying her face.
She even felt that Jiang Chen was intentionally playacting to be a generous, carefree and mysterious stranger. This was another type of trick to draw her attention.
An heir to a small dukedom; trash that's not even worth the effort of carrying it in hand, pretending to be deep? Hmph. I'd like to see if it's possible for you to look like a fool in front of me!
Her thoughts spun as she suddenly moved towards Jiang Chen, each step as graceful as a lotus.
"Jiang Chen is it?" Long Juxue's voice was cool. "As far as I know, you have no use for this level of spirit ingredient. These family friends are fighting to purchase the Dragonbone Sun Grass because they wish to cure me of my cold humours. Why do you seek to buy it?"
Although her words weren't terribly ugly, the meaning behind them was apparent. You, lowly Jiang Chen, have no way to use the Dragonbone Sun Grass.
If Jiang Chen was attempting to please Long Juxue in fighting to buy it, then it was time to stop the charade.
Jiang Chen felt nonplussed as he looked at this woman who was too full of herself. He smiled without really seeming to, "Then what do you think I need it for?"
"I don't care what you need it for. If you wanted to gift it to me, I accept your sincerity and will remember you." She replied indifferently. "If not, then, I will also remember you, Jiang Chen."
This, was a pure and naked threat.
Long Juxue made no attempt to conceal her pride and superiority at being the beloved daughter of the first duke. Her tone was indifferent, but it gave others a feeling of undisputable confidence.
"Out of the 108 dukedoms in the Eastern Kingdom, there is nothing that anyone can steal from me if I, Long Juxue, want it."
Jiang Chen was startled into laughter, "That absolute? No exception?"
"Exceptions are impossible." Long Juxue responded coldly, "At least, I've never met one."
"Alright..." Jiang Chen smiled faintly. "Then I congratulate you, you've met one today."
One had to say, this woman's sense of superiority was far too strong. She maintained a lofty and haughty demeanor even when she was asking for a favor. As if she was bestowing some great favor by talking to Jiang Chen, like a snow white swan blessing a lowly toad.
But this kind of attitude was beyond laughable in Jiang Chen's eyes.
The daughter of the first duke in the Eastern Kingdom? So what? Even if it was the first duke himself, such a person wouldn't even be qualified to carry Jiang Chen's shoes in Jiang Chen's past life.
Long Juxue lost face to a man for the first time in her life as she watched Jiang Chen's resolute figure with the third hallmaster.
"Jiang Chen, I'll remember you. If I let you successfully pass the Hidden Dragon Trials at the end of the year, then I will change my surname to be the same as yours!"
"I, Bai Zhanyun, will also remember you. You may have won today, but I will show you the price of insulting me during the Hidden Dragon Trials. This isn't something that a mere Jiang Han dukedom can endure!"
"And I, the Vermillion Bird dukedom, and the Yanmen dukedom!"
These guys had wanted to proclaim their interest and devotion, but their plans had been thwarted. Hearts burning with anger, how could they not take advantage of the chance to beat down on an easy target?
Jiang Chen naturally paid no heed to these kinds of threats. Rather, he thought it quite humerous that these fellows voluntarily identified themselves.
Tripping over each other to identify themselves eh. They might as well, this saves me the trouble of finding them one by one in the future. White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, Yanmen is it? You like to hold a grudge is it? It won't be long before you learn that I, Jiang Chen, carry even more of a grudge than you do!
If it was any normal day, the third hallmaster would never involve himself in the various ducal feuds. But this time, he had no choice, he had to support Jiang Chen wholeheartedly.
When Jiang Zheng came to find him, he knew that this was his only choice, and the Hall's only choice.
Otherwise, making Jiang Chen unhappy meant losing the Heavenly Karma pill, and meant losing a huge business deal.
A few ducal heirs was in no way worth as much as such a business deal.
Not to mention, these heirs had no reason to vent their spleen on the Hall of Healing. They would only choose to direct their attention to the seemingly weaker Jiang Chen.
As for how Jiang Chen would handle the situation, the third hallmaster didn't really care. What he was more concerned with was properly handling the matter at hand.
The negotiations had gone very smoothly, and the contract had been drafted yesterday. Jiang Chen had made a few suggestions regarding some minor details, and allowed Jiang Zheng to sign it.
He was an heir to a dukedom, and naturally wouldn't appear for such a small issue.
Of course, Jiang Chen didn't fully trust the Hall of Healing. He still controlled two vital parts; there was no way that he would unreservedly share the entire recipe and refining method.
He had to be on his guard against the possibility of the Hall of Healing having second thoughts once it received the entire recipe and refining method.
The contract was thus happily signed. Because Jiang Chen still had control over the key areas, the contract stipulated that Jiang Chen would visit the hall once on odd numbered months, and twice on even numbered months.
In the world of practitioners, pill medicine was exceedingly precious. An ordinary healing pill was sold for one or two thousand silver. Slightly higher level pill went for three to five thousand silver.
And the Heavenly Karma pill would sell for around eight to ten thousand silver due to its potency and effects. It would be positioned as a luxury item and would undoubtedly have a large market.
So even if only one hundred pills were refined a month, that was still a revenue worth millions of dollars. It was a market worth tens of millions in a year.
This was also the lowest, most conservative estimate.
And what about when they entered the markets of the neighboring sixteen kingdoms, and expanded their production, refining thousands or even tens of thousands a month? With the sixteen neighbors' purchasing power, even if the Hall produced tens of thousands of pill a month, demand would far outstrip supply.
It was easy enough to imagine the vastness of this market with a few simple calculations.
Thus, it was easy to understand why the third hallmaster was so eager to please.
When the contract had been signed, the third hallmaster raised the suggestion of dining at the Autumn Crane, but was politely declined by Jiang Chen. Keeping a low profile was the name of the game in his partnership with the Hall of Healing. He didn't want it to become common knowledge within the city.
Besides, he was only in a business partnership with the Hall of Healing; they weren't friendly enough to the point of sharing a drink.
The third hallmaster politely sent Jiang Chen on his way with two other elders accompanying him, including that elder Blue.
Elder Blue still nursed some prejudices against Jiang Chen, and her facial expressions were stiff.
Jiang Chen was well aware of this, and felt that this woman's magnanimity and grace were as narrow as a rat's stomach or chicken's intestines. She better not ruin my plans in the future, I still need to irritate others with sarcastic words when the situation calls for it.
He thought for a bit and suddenly smiled, "Third hallmaster, if we didn't have this cooperation in place, you most likely would not have sold the Dragonbone Sun Grass to me today, would you?"
"Haha, how can you say that. The Hall still adheres to our rules when conducting business." The third hallmaster gave a hearty laugh, but even he himself didn't quite believe his words.
Rules were a dead thing, but people were living. If it wasn't for this business deal, then the Dragonbone Sun Grass would have gone to anyone but Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen also laughed heartily and didn't poke holes in the third hallmaster's charade. He said, "No matter the reason, I can only say that the third hallmaster made a wise decision."
"What makes you say that?" The third hallmaster's interest was piqued.
"Simple. Because obtaining the Dragonbone Sun Grass was a mission appointed by the king himself. If you hadn't sold it to me, then the lawsuits that the Hall of Healing would have faced would have been many. Hahaha, I've spoken too much, too much."
Jiang Chen laughed heartily again, swiftly mounted his horse, and gave a long laugh, "You don't need to continue sending me off, third hallmaster."
The third hallmaster was dumbfounded and became deep in thought as he watched Jiang Chen gallop off into the distance.
"The king himself?" The third hallmaster murmured to himself as he thought of yesterday's engraved dragon medallion. He subtly felt that, perhaps this Jiang Chen had not spoken a falsehood.
"This brat can make a good boast The king himself? Wasn't he just beaten by His Majesty?" Elder Blue pouted and muttered disdainfully.
The third hallmaster glared at her severely, "What do you know? You almost wrecked the deal today! Take this to heart, be smarter about how you conduct business in the future! Do you think his engraved dragon medallion is a fake? You think that the wind blew in the Heavenly Karma pill receipe?"
Elder Blue had nothing to say. True, there's something odd about this brat.
The third hallmaster was still haunted about what could have been, and issued a warning. "No matter the situation, all of you remember this! Humble yourself in front of Jiang Chen! He is not a simple character!"
Deep within the palace.
Eastern Lu slowly put down the book in his hand and lightly tasted the tea in the cup on the table.
"Tiandu, what news from the Jiang Han household?"
"Your Majesty, the duke of Jiang Han has been quiet, without making any movements."
"And the kid?"
"The kid? He seems to have stayed home all day yesterday, and went to the Hall of Healing this morning. He got into a conflict with a crowd of heirs..."
The trusted guard called Tiandu gave a thorough overview of the situation, missing not a single detail.
"Oh? This kid was severely beaten and not only didn't die, but could prance around on the streets today? When did my guards become unable to carry out a decent beating?" Eastern Lu smiled but didn't really seem to. "But, you say that the Hall of Healing supported Jiang Chen and ignored those sons of eminent duchies?"
"Your servant also thought it odd, but this is the truth. In addition, the Hall of Healing kept him as a guest and entertained him for quite a while. It would seem that this kid is not as useless as the rumors say he is."
Eastern Lu was deep in thought and nodded, "I hope so. We can only pin our hopes for Zhiruo's sickness on him. I hope this kid doesn't get up to any tricks."
"It wouldn't seem so. If he's running a con, how would he dare swagger into the public like this? Deceiving the monarch is not a crime that the Jiang Han duchy can afford to commit."
"Tiandu, remember this. Protect this kid no matter what. Fully carry out whatever plans he has. If anyone is so blind as to cause trouble, punish first and ask questions later, no matter their identity." Eastern Lu commanded.
It was quite obvious that Eastern Lu had no desire for a repeat of the events of this morning. He deduced that the Dragonbone Sun Grass had something to do with his daughter's illness!
If it has something to do with my daughter's illness, then even Long Teng's heir must step aside for me!
Jiang Chen did not immediately return home upon leaving the Hall. He had some more errands to run. There were a lot of preparations to be made before entering the palace in three days.
He hadn't walked far before his keen instinct enabled him to discover someone surreptitiously following him. He couldn't be bothered to reveal their existence.
"Huh. Someone who is blind. Come at me if you're truly strong enough to steal even from Eastern Lu!" Jiang Chen did not care in the slightest if he caused a clash between monarch and subject.
Others had been treated to a grand show at the Rites of Heavenly Worship. If someone was so blind as to step out of line and create trouble, he wouldn't mind if a nice struggle between monarch and subject developed.
He would even cleverly, subtlely, play along.
What Jiang Chen felt regret about was that public security was actually quite well in within the capital. At least something like robbery in broad daylight didn't occur.
"What a bunch of spineless people. The Dragonbone Sun Grass is here right now, come on out and try to grab it. I'd definitely not risk my life for Eastern Lu. I would happily hand it over if you tried to grab it, and then happily hand you over when Eastern Lu questions me about it."
Jiang Chen was joyfully anticipating something like this happening as he walked, but sadly enough, those tailing him never came to rob him. This made him a bit depressed.
"What a bunch of cowardly robbers!" Jiang Chen shook his head and thought no more of this small interlude. He spurred his horse on towards the Turquoise Hall, he had more errands to run.
The heir of White Tiger, Bai Zhanyun and the heir of Vermillion Bird, Hong Tiantong were surreptitiously discussing something in a secluded tavern in the capital.
"Brother White, the kid is extremely cocky. He thinks nothing of you or me, particularly you Brother White. You and he arrived at almost the same time, but he stole the Dragonbone Sun Grass from you, this cannot be tolerated!"
Hong Tiantong was obviously quite crafty and his words carried evident overtones of provocation.
"Huh! Jiang Chen, insulting I, Bai Zhanyun, is to seek death!"
As Bai Zhanyun spoke, an underling in charge of following others came hurriedly rushing in.
"Young duke, the kid didn't go back to the Jiang Han manor. He seems to have gone to the Turquoise Hall."
"Turquoise Hall? What's that kid doing there? Does he want to buy spirit stones?" Hong Tiantong was a bit skeptical.
Bai Zhanyun, on the other hand, displayed a strange smile upon hearing those words. "Turquoise Hall is it? Are you sure?"
"Your servant has been continuously following him and could not have been mistaken."
Bai Zhanyun laughed joyfully. "Jiang Chen you brat, you've brought this upon yourself. The owner of Turquoise Hall is my uncle!"
He grew even more proud when he finished speaking. "Brother Hong, come. Let's go watch the show and ruthlessly insult this kid. Let's also seize the Dragonbone Sun Grass while we're at it!"
Their current location wasn't that far from the Turquoise Hall. The two of them quickly arrived and entered through the back door.
Turquoise Hall was a retailer that specialized in spirit and exotic stones. Its scale of operations was all encompassing, and was a premier brand in the capital.
Jiang Chen's visit was naturally not for viewing or admiring stones, but to customize a stone.
He wandered around the Turquoise Hall for half a day, calling upon his past life's various memories of appraising stones to decide on a particular stone. He discussed, and settled on the price.
The owner of Turquoise Hall hastily walked out when Jiang Chen was waiting to pay. He smiled, "Little brother, what a horrid coincidence. I've only just learned myself that the crouching yang stone you've reserved was already reserved by someone else last night."
"Who reserved it? What a coincidence!" Jiang Chen was quite surprised, did such a coincidence truly exist in this world?
"Why, the great me of course!" An ear piercing voice rang out from behind as Bai Zhanyun sauntered out.
"Jiang Chen, how unfortunate. I've purchased this yang stone. You want it? Hand over the Dragonbone Sun Grass. I may just consider giving the stone to you if I'm in a good mood."
Jiang Chen was quick on his feet. When he saw Bai Zhanyun, that coyly smirking Hong Tiantong behind him and then the owner of Turquoise Hall, he understood the situation at once.
It seems like this Bai Zhanyun was bored out of his empty mind. He'd started a fight at the Hall of Healing and continued it to the Turqouise Hall. He really wanted to start something with Jiang Chen.
However, the owner of Turquoise Hall was greatly demeaning himself in taking orders from the son of a duke. Jiang Chen's opinion of the man was abruptly revised downwards.
"Interesting. Interesting. Boss Song, are you sure you're not selling the stone to me?" Jiang Chen asked as he maintained his composure.
Bai Zhanyun bellowed, "Jiang Chen, I've already told you that I will only give up the stone if you hand over the Dragonbone Sun Grass. Otherwise, don't even think of getting the crouching yang stone."
"Oh? What if I must have it?" Jiang Chen smiled lightly.
"Hahaha, do you think I, the mighty Bai Zhanyun, would give it up to you? I'd sooner buy this stone to line my latrines than give it to you."
"Your household's latrines are certainly fancy. So, there's no room for negotiation?"
"Negotiation my ass! Either you hand over the Dragonbone Sun Grass or get the hell out of here!" Bai Zhanyun also more or less knew that it would be unrealistic to expect Jiang Chen to hand over the Dragonbone Sun Grass.
Jiang Chen laughed heartily and paid Bai Zhanyun no heed. He couldn't be bothered to waste spittle on idiots like Bai Zhanyun. It's not like he was buying stuff for himself.
He was purchasing equipment for the royal princess. He wasn't about to waste time and effort in explanations. Since the village idiot Bai Zhanyun wanted to go up against the royal family, then by all means let him try.
"Boss Song. It seems like you're a smart guy engaging in dumb transactions." Jiang Chen laughed lightly and shook his head with a sigh. "If you don't sell to me now, it will be too late even if you come to me crying in the future."
He waltzed out without a glance at Bai Zhanyun or Hong Tiantong after that.
He'd just reached the main lobby when an associate came tearing in, his expression extremely terrified. He murmured a few sentences next to boss Song's ear with a face full of fearful reservations. He didn't even dare meet Jiang Chen's eyes.
Boss Song's face abruptly whitened after he'd finished listening. It was as if all the blood had been suddenly sucked out of his body. His face was starkly white and his lips infused with bitterness.
He called out in a voice that was almost crying, "Young duke Jiang, hold your steps, please hold your steps! This crouching yang stone is yours. Turquoise Hall will not charge you anything and will immediately courier it to your manor."
Boss Song's attitude did a complete 180 in a blink of an eye, greatly surprising Bai Zhanyun and Hong Tiantong.
Particularly Bai Zhanyun, his very foot hopped in astonishment.
"Uncle, are you serious? Haven't we already agreed?"
Boss Song had a woeful face. "I say little emperor, don't make things tough for your uncle. Don't throw us mere mortals into the middle when you celestial beings are fighting."
Bai Zhanyun became enraged. "Celestial being? Faugh. What kind of crap celestial being is Jiang Chen? His Jiang Han dukedom doesn't even rank in the top out of all 108 Eastern Kingdom dukedoms. You're scared of him uncle?"
If he hadn't been intimidated by Bai Zhanyun's old man, boss Song would have definitely rushed up and dealt out the beating of a lifetime. He would first beat Bai Zhanyun so hard that he wouldn't be able to function normally, and then disdainfully spit on him a few times for good measure.
This brat was not only the ruination of his family, but also dragging boss Song down with him!
Boss Song almost leapt forward and attached himself to Jiang Chen's thigh. "Young duke, I was senseless and blind. I beg you, I beg you to accept it! Please view this crouching yang stone as a token of old Song's devotion!"
They said to forgive and forget, Jiang Chen had no intentions of making too much of a fuss over a small business owner.
He smiled, "Boss Song, your words actually highlight that I am an ungrateful person. Since you are so sincere, I will accept this stone if I must. As for the price, someone will naturally pay for it. Send the stone to a certain address on the day after tomorrow. I will notify you of the address when it's time."
"Yes, yes. The young duke is magnanimous and generous. I am shamed, shamed."
Jiang Chen laughed heartily. How could he not know that someone outside must have intervened, resulting in old Song's about face?
As for who intervened, that was even more obvious.
How many houses within the capital possessed such power that not even the great dukes dared to defy? And at this moment, who else other than the royal family would protect Jiang Chen's interests?
"It would seem that ole Eastern Lu has made certain preparations. Afraid I'll renege?" Jiang Chen shook his head in his mind and stepped out merrily.
He'd finished preparing all the components needed for the initial steps.
Bai Zhanyun had been repeatedly ignored by Jiang Chen and suffered under a most ignoble feeling of defeat. He glared ferociously at boss Song, "Uncle, you must give me an explanation for this matter!"
Boss Song rolled his eyes, "Bai Zhanyun, you'd best watch yourself! This is the capital, not your White Tiger territory! Think about whether or not you can afford to offend someone before behaving atrociously. As your uncle, I'll give you a word of advice. Be careful of ruining generations of your family's work in a single night if you make one wrong step!"
Boss Song was absolutely not being an alarmist. His associate had only spoken two sentences just now.
The first was, "Commander Tiandu of the royal guard is outside", and the second was, "we must sell the crouching yang stone to Jiang Chen, or else face the consequences."
Those two sentences alone were enough to alter boss Song's attitude.
Who didn't know that the royal guard was the king's personal guard, a contingent with one of the highest fighting competencies, an entity that held the power of life and death in the Eastern Kingdom?
It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that if the royal guard was offended, even the White Tiger duke would end up in pieces, not to mention a mere boss Song!
The royal guard was also one of the most powerful forces within the kingdom. What did this indicate when an entity of this caliber was secretly protecting Jiang Chen's interests?
Boss Song wasn't an idiot, he could read the writing on the wall and discern the seriousness of the situation.
It was with certain resignation that he couldn't clearly explain himself in the face of Bai Zhanyun's whining complaints. His warnings fulfilled the duties of being a relative.
If Bai Zhanyun insisted on pursuing this like moths to a flame, then boss Song would have to draw a line between the White family and his at the earliest opportunity.
Bai Zhanyun was still cussing and ranting as he accused boss Song of not honoring relationship ties. Hong Tiantong however, was deep in thought. He thought this development was too strange. This had happened not only once, but twice!
"Is it possible that this Jiang Chen really has some influential figure backing him up?"
As for Jiang Chen, he didn't loiter outside once he'd completed his errands, but made straight for the Jiang Han manor.
Two people walked out as soon as he'd set foot into the doorway. One of them was Jiang Feng, the duke of Jiang Han and father that he'd gotten for cheap.
The other was a middle aged man with a gloomy and ominous face. His expression was cold and he walked straight towards the exit. The duke of Jiang Han was accompanying him with a somewhat obsequious smile, murmuring something in a low voice.
His manner was even a bit humble.
But no matter how warmly Jiang Feng came off, it was as if he was putting a hot face next to a cold butt. The middle aged man remained remote and had no reaction at all.
When they reached the door, they ran into a just returning Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen finally recalled who this man was from his past self's memories. Assistant Organizer Du?
This man was actually one of the main organizers of the Hidden Dragon Trials.
"Chen'er, you've come back? Come and greet the great Organizer Du. I've finally been able to invite him to our manor but unfortunately, master Du needs to go attend to a few matters."
That Assistant Organizer Du flicked a glance at Jiang Chen, and smiled without really smiling, "You're Jiang Chen?"
As one of the main organizers of the Hidden Dragon Trials, he naturally knew who Jiang Chen was. This question was obviously fake.
Jiang Chen was a smart guy and a keen observer. He feared that his father had gotten a face full of dust from this fellow, and replied noncommittally, "That's me. You're Assistant organizer Du?"
Du Ruhai, the assistant organizer of the Hidden Dragon Trials, was ranked number two in terms of real power. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that he held the fortunes of all the great families participating in the Trials!
No matter which duke it was, who didn't present a polite and ingratiating front when they met Du Ruhai? Who wouldn't humble themselves?
If he threw a wrench into the works at a critical moment because you offended him, you wouldn't even know how you died.
Therefore, seeing that Jiang Chen was not only not eager to please, but in fact questioned him back with this sort of tone, organizer Du was quickly incensed.
It wasn't that Du Ruhai had no measure of subtlety, but more like he had no need to pretend he was generous and forgiving in front of the Jiang household.
His expression froze, "Duke of Jiang Han? Your son is quite a character. He dared desecrate even the Rites of Heavenly Worship, no wonder he doesn't think much of a mere organizer ."
Jiang Feng knew things were bad when he heard those words, and was about to apologize.
Du Ruhai spread out his hands and laughed coldly. "Duke of Jiang Han, no further words are necessary. I was planning to help your son during the Hidden Dragon Trials. But I've received a lot of messages from other dukes this afternoon, saying that your son has no understanding of morals or ethics. Helping him would be akin to putting myself in harm's way. Therefore, you're on your own for the Trials!"
"Organizer Du, this..." Jiang Feng was extremely agitated.
"Duke of Jiang Han, don't blame me for speaking frankly. Even without the dukes' reminders, based purely on your son's good-for-nothing attitude, you should be offering daily prayers that I don't make life difficult for him!"
Du Ruhai arbitrarily decided to cast aside all consideration for others.
Seeing as everything had been laid out on the table, there was no point in Du Ruhai further concealing his blatant threat. With his status in the kingdom, there was no need to be polite to a duke who was about to lose his power and influence.
Jiang Feng had originally wanted to plead for leniency, hoping for a fluke, but his face darkened as well upon hearing the last couple of sentences. "Organizer Du, insult me if you must, but leave my son alone! So what if the young are a bit good-for-nothing? Are you that certain that my son won't turn himself around? They say to bully the old but not the young!"
"What a pretty turn of phrase! Do you mean to tell me what goes around comes around? Not to insult a young man for being poor? Hahahahahaha..." Du Ruhai threw his head back in laughter. "Wake up! If it he wasn't such a lucky bastard, Jiang Feng, you'd be holding a funeral for your son and not trying to curry favor with me!"
He flung his sleeves in a grand flourish and walked proudly towards the outside.
"Hold!" Jiang Chen had been standing beside his father and suddenly spoke. "Du Ruhai is it? If I remember correct, my father sent you 600,000 silver last time on my behalf. You no longer concern yourself with my matters, yet do you intend to pretend ignorance of the money?"
Du Ruhai's body abruptly halted as a vicious glare shot out from his eyes. He stared fixedly at Jiang Chen, his glare so savage that it sought to swallow Jiang Chen whole.
But what he hadn't anticipated was that when his vicious gaze swept over Jiang Chen's calm and placid eyes, his entire body shuddered involuntarily, as if he had suddenly fallen into an ice cold hell.
"What the hell? That kid's gaze..."
Du Ruhai calmed himself down and told himself earnestly that that had been an illusion.
"600,000 silver? Go look for it in the official treasury! Bribing an official is another severe crime. Do you think I am such a corrupt individual? I have long since turned over the silver you offered to the official treasury!"
There was no way that Jiang Chen believed such tripe. How could someone possibly have spat a choice piece of meat that had made its way to their mouth? This Du Ruhai in no way resembled an honest person with integrity.
It would seem that Long Juxue and the other heirs had already started covertly moving against him because he hadn't handed over the Dragonbone Sun Grass!
If it was the old Jiang Chen, offending several noble sons and Long Juxue, as well as the organizer of the Hidden Dragon Trials carrying a grudge against him would definitely spell his doom.
However, what did Jiang Chen fear now? All of these people added together were no more than bothersome flies in his eyes.
Given just a bit of time, he would be able to smack them to death many times over.
A few hints of an icy smile tugging at his lips, he looked at the swaggering Du Ruhai and raised his voice. "Du Ruhai, to seek gain and avoid losses is part of human nature. It's no big thing to be afraid of those influential dukes. But to bully the kind and fear the evil, and insult my Jiang family -- you will know what a grave mistake that was before too long."
If Du Ruhai had politely and respectfully declined Jiang Feng without a mutual loss of face, then Jiang Chen would have fully understood.
But Du Ruhai had long since accepted the money and suddenly come by today to renege on his promises. Fine, renege then, but return the money.
If you wanted to still keep the money, at least display a better attitude?
To take such a hard line and be so cocky? Was he already viewing the Jiang family as a pile of bones in a grave, a flower to wilt on the morrow?
That kind of attitude successfully enraged Jiang Chen.
"Ai, Chen'er. This Du Ruhai is not someone to irritate. He's ranked number two out of all the organizers of the Hidden Dragon Trials." Jiang Feng sighed lightly. "And, your father has heard that the one who ranks number one doesn't ask many questions. He has delegated a lot of power and basically allows Du Ruhai to do as he wishes. He listens to periodic report from Du Ruhai; therefore, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that he's the main person in charge."
As a duke, Jiang Feng was brave and heroic. But in terms of strategy and planning or power struggles, he didn't amount to much.
Jiang Chen didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He hadn't had enough time to understand the situation since he'd reincarnated. Could it be that the mess left behind by the previous Jiang Chen was bad enough that money couldn't resolve things?
"Ai, Chen'er. Don't be depressed. I will continue thinking and see if there's another path we can walk. Not to mention..."
There was a saying that a loving mother led to a failure of a son. But with Jiang Feng as a father, Jiang Chen gained a new understanding that a loving father could also lead to a failure of a son.
However, Jiang Chen was still touched. The duke of Jiang Han truly did love his son. The situation was so dire that a burning flame had made its way to their butts, but he still did not speak any harsh words.
"Right, father. What are my grades like for the Hidden Dragon Trials? Did Du Ruhai mention them at all?"
Jiang Feng's expression was a bit awkward as he stammered, "Well... this..."
Jiang Chen was seriously speechless. His father was still trying to preserve his feelings even now?
"Father, I have a thick face, I can take it. How bad is it? You can tell me directly."
Jiang Feng was also worried that his son wouldn't be able to accept it in the face of just surviving such a disaster. He "heh"ed in laughter upon seeing that his son was mentally prepared. "You darn kid are a special one alright, asking your old man for your own grades? Are you sure you won't be shocked by my response?"
"Tell me, surely I can't be last?"
"Can there be any doubt that you're last?" Jiang Feng smiled wryly. "The problem in front of us is that you haven't passed a single one of the three foundational exams. The final tests of the second half of the year will be held at the end of this month. If you don't pass the three foundational exams, you won't even have the qualification to sit for the final tests in the Hidden Dragon Trials."
The first two and a half years of the Hidden Dragon Trials were a period of learning and growth. A qualification examination was held at the end of this time.
If a candidate couldn't even pass the qualification exam, then he would not even have the right to participate in the final Trials.
Jiang Chen finally understood why his old man would humble himself. Why a proud and regal duke would be lectured like a kid by Du Ruhai.
Upon seeing Jiang Chen lower his head without a word, Jiang Feng smiled even more wryly. "Darn kid, don't tell you don't even remember what the three foundational exams are?"
Jiang Chen rubbed his nose and said, "Alright, I'll go back and think hard about them."
If it was any one of the other dukes, a stinging slap across the face would have been a given after hearing such passive words from his son.
Jiang Feng was a unique one amongst fathers, he only sighed lightly. "Son, looks like your destiny is one of going back to the fields with your old man. Ai whatever. A life of fortune and riches is not written in the stars for the Jiang family. We might as well take off our armor and return to the fields with your generation. Too much nonsense occurs in politics, going back to a simpler life may not be a bad thing."
"Wait a second. Old father, when did I say that I wanted to go back a rural life and work the fields?"
Jiang Feng was dumbfounded. "But the three foundational exams..."
"So they're three exams! When I have time, I can pass eight, or even ten of them."
"Darn kid, will you die if you don't boast once a day? If nothing else, take the first foundation for example, it's also the most basic requirement. Your true qi must be within the intermediate realm of true qi, at least four meridians true qi. Do you have that?"
"Four meridians true qi? The foundational exams ask for such a simple thing?" It was Jiang Chen's turn to be gobsmacked and he minutely raised his arm. "Father, look at the stone stool over there."
His true qi circulated throughout his body as he spoke, flowing through his four meridians like four thundering rivers. They coalesced into one and concentrated at the tip of his finger.
He shook his finger, looking out of the corner of his eye..
A hole was poked straight through the stone stool where his finger had been pointing.
"A line formed of true qi, coalescing without dispersing. This is truly the intermediate realm of true qi? You kid, when did you locate the fourth acupoint, clear the fourth meridian, and successfully train to four meridians true qi?"
Jiang Feng was overjoyed beyond belief with a face full of incredulity. Four meridians true qi was a quite basic achievement for any son of a duke. Clearing the fourth meridian was something not even worth being happy about.
But to Jiang Feng, it was a moment on par with witnessing a miracle with his own eyes.
"Heh heh. I did this yesterday. I just meditated for a few hours. Right, Father, what are the other two foundational exams? Can you tell me all at once, and I'll go back and think of ways to handle them? We can't let vile characters like Du Ruhai make a mockery out of us, can we?"
Jiang Feng was speechless. Since when had the foundational exams become so easy in this kid's eyes? He could handle them by sparing just a random bit of time?
"What's wrong? Can that old fart Du Ruhai make life difficult for me even after I've passed the foundational exams?"
"No way!" Jiang Feng puffed his chest out and said assertively. "Your old man isn't a vegetarian who just rolls over to play dead. As long as you can pass the foundational exams and make it to the final tests of the Hidden Dragon Trials, I can assure you there will be no problems there. But as for the content of the final tests... if Du Ruhai has something hidden up his sleeves..."
"Vile characters are as common as ghosts. I, Jiang Chen, am an outstanding individual and do not fear these characters. The only thing I'm afraid of is that his abilities are not up to par and won't be able to create some complicated mess for me. That would greatly disappoint me then."
At the end of the day, Jiang Chen paid no heed to third rate clowns like Du Ruhai.
The three foundational exams really weren't hard. Their purpose wasn't to stump test takers, but to weed out the good-for-nothings.
Unless one was a dandy that expended absolutely no effort on training, it was truly not a problem to pass the foundational exams.
Apart from Jiang Chen, all participants in the Trials had achieved four meridians true qi. Even fatty Xuan had achieved five meridians true qi.
The second exam was to practice the kingdom's "Eastern Amethyst Qi" method until one reached the perfection level, and be able to successfully maintain it for an hour in a room filled with level four fighting aura.
The Eastern Amethyst Qi method was created by an ancestor of the Eastern royal family. It was a method used in the process of founding the kingdom, and thus highly symbolic. It was further divided into five achievement levels of 'minor achievement', 'skillful', 'perfection', 'flawless' and 'great perfection' realms.
The so called perfection realm was to merely learn the entire set of foundational tactics and know them thoroughly.
The third foundational exam was a theoretical exam. It's purpose was to test the academic knowledge of each duchy's heirs. This exam was even easier, one could basically pass it by rote memorization.
"What the heck! The past me dragged his heels for two and a half years on such easy exams, and still couldn't pass them?"
Jiang Chen was a bit lost in wonder. What was even more eye popping was his old man. When faced with such a son, had he never thought of harshly slapping him?
His agreement with Eastern Lu was for three days, and only two days had passed. In the remaining day, Jiang Chen decided to spend some time and effort on the foundational exams.
A mere dukedom was nothing to Jiang Chen, but it seemed that a subtle general situation had developed in the capital, and he had no desire to lose any advantage.
Particularly when some bored fellows were waiting to see a fool made out of the Jiang family.
As for those idiots that came up to him asking to be slapped, he could vent a bit of his frustrations by obliging them, no?
Amethyst Eastern Qi was a complex set of tactics. Duchy heirs only learned the most basic parts of this method.
The purpose of mandating that all heirs learn the basic tactics were to evaluate their potential, personality, understanding of martial dao, and the ability to endure suffering in the path of training.
Jiang Chen sat cross legged and meditated for a moment, running through the foundational portions of the Eastern Amethyst Qi.
At that moment, the vastly knowledgeable memories of his past self were starting to show their true worth.